# survive-cold-email-2026

**Author:** jeremy-chatelaine
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOWDuiWZHeI
**Fetched:** 2026-06-15T19:43:43.180Z

---

Okay, so we've restarted. I think we're live on YouTube now. LinkedIn didn't work, but one step steps every day. So, um I hope everyone uh is in the chat. I see the numbers are increasing. Um for the sake of today, I brought on Jeremy because um in full transparency, Andre from our group worked closely has worked closely with QuickMail since the beginning of the group. Andre Deansky is one of the nicest, sweetest guys in the world. last time he was in LA from Brazil. I showed him around and had an awesome day and he spoke so highly of quickmail for ages and eventually I checked it out and like anything we use all sequencers and I think it's really important like again um in 2026 love it or hate it um it's going to be important to diversify what you're doing across all sequencers. So, um, you know, for us, we have, um, Quickmail, we've got Instantly, we've got Smart Lead, we've got Email Bison. And I love them all the same and for different reasons, right? Um, we see dips in trends and things go up and down. And it's good to be able to move fluidly between those. Now, Quickmail is the oldest of all of them, and I'm interested. Uh, you've got a good story. I think you guys are the first people to do what I call multi-dommain multi-inbox sending. Um, and so long before long before any other platform was doing it and now you know every platform has grown in different ways. I think um you have quickmail has um some features that other platforms don't. So I want to talk about what the differences are. Um, and I think that people should be thinking about, okay, sometimes I need to move and check out other platforms because each of them kind of have their own fingerprint, if you will. And, um, as some get bigger and reach this critical mass, that fingerprint can come back to bite you in the ass, right? Warm-up pools get compromised. All kinds of different things happen that will start to show, hey, like this is you got to be careful with what you're doing here. And so, um, all the more reason to be diversified onto every sending platform. So, with that being said, uh, Jeremy, super excited to have you. Uh, we've got, uh, Rowan in the in the crowd who is brilliant boy genius. We've got Andre already dropping some notes. Um, but why don't you give, uh, an introduction to Quickmail and then talk a little bit about some of the differentiators from the other names that are pretty commonly passed around in the space. >> Yeah, sounds good. Well, first of all, thank you for having me, Christian. Really uh really pleased to be here. I recognize a few a few names. I'm pretty happy to see them as well. Thank you, Andre. Um yeah, sure. I mean, I'm I'm pretty bad at, you know, self-promoting. That's probably why, you know, you don't hear about QuickMail as much as you hear about other platform. But, um we've been around since 2014. uh like you mentioned, we invented what we called inbox rotation, which is the ability of having, you know, multiple inboxes attached to a single uh campaign. Um but we we pioneered also a lot of different things. Our main priorities always have been like deliverability and you know it reflects in all the features that we've done. So deliverability and managing of multiple accounts at scale that's always have been uh the main focus and priorities and then comes from my I've been like doing like probably like 15 years of development before starting quickmail and so for me deliverability was important but also stability and reliability. So basically if you count those three things that's basically what makes uh quickmail um what quickmail is. Um you're mentioning about how we're different in terms of features. Well, we have um we so when we invented like um inbox rotation took us two years took two years before other platforms started to sort ofly you know start copying that but right now we do have things that no one copy and I don't really know why because they're pretty powerful. Um one is deliverability AI which basically automatically switch an inbox that starts to perform badly with another one that actually is as part of your pool. So you determine your pool of inboxes. You say, "Hey, you can use all the inboxes. I just want 50 for this campaign." And then pick and choose. And then quick mail every day will kind of like check your deliverability and then swap, you know, the inboxes based on which one is not performing as well as the other ones. So that's one thing. Um lately we had actually lately well it was last year I think still no one copied it and I don't understand it. like you know there've been like big talk about like hey you should use spin tax and we use spintax from the very beginning actually the syntax was not friendly um but we use it from the beginning oh for those who don't know I don't know how you know knowledgeable your your audience is but spinax is basically the ability to pick up certain um sentence instead of other at random so you end up with like a sort of unique message in theory there is a certain number of combination depending on how many spin tax uh words you have But last year we had a problem with people on Outlook getting like blocked and we're like looking and it's just like they were sending always the same message again and again and again. Even with spin tax it didn't quite work. So I woke up one night and figured out like hey why don't we use actually AI to actually simplify your or ability to create unique messages without losing the meaning. And so we created deliverability AI. And so every email you're sending is unique just because we're using AI to rephrase it. There's no need to maintain those complicated spin taxes. You could just like have your normal messages and then your AB test becomes more about your strategy and your approach rather than the actual text. Um those are a few examples but you are mentioning about footprint. I think it's cool that we you know every especially with Google so every email that is sent through the Gmail API is leaving a footprint and usually the footprint is what Gmail API token you've been or API you've been using and so quick has one which is official Lemlist has another one which is also official instantly and smartly they're absolutely not official so they basically create some and then just ask you to hey you know put it as was listed into your your your Google workspace case, but we went one step further and we actually just generate one for you. So now when people are using what we call stealth mode on quickmail, you're actually sending email, but Google has absolutely zero idea what platform is actually sending those emails. So that's another step to decouple again, you know, um uh things for deliverability. Um yeah, I can go on and on, but [laughter] >> no, I would say >> what else do you want to know? Note, my audience is all brilliant geniuses. So, you're saying who are you speaking to? You're speaking to handsome, charming, brilliant geniuses. Uh, female and male, and they're all wonderful. Uh, no. Uh, so yeah, I appreciate that. Um, yeah, let's let's let's keep going down that road. Um, it's a little early to be drinking a margarita, but I guess you're in France, so >> it's grapefruit, dude. [laughter] Come on. Grapefruit and water. That's what it is. >> Um, But I probably wouldn't be there. >> Yeah. Um, no, let's keep talking about these things that that these features that you guys have that um are ahead of the curve or things same vein, things that you need to be thinking ahead of the curve to be successful because uh I don't know if anyone else has felt it, but like even Google's gotten like much more difficult in the past two weeks since before Thanksgiving, Black Friday, you know, we're having deliverability issues with Google. Outlook is finicky as hell. Really difficult. And SMTP is is not performing as well as we'd like it to right now. And so we're um we're having issues across the board. Sorry, Swiss French. My apologies. Uh >> oh, it doesn't matter. I'm both. That's that's fine. >> Uh yeah. So, let's talk about other features. And then, you know, you guys also have some built-in like um LinkedIn stuff. So, you know Yeah. Let's just keep talking about it. I think it's really interesting hearing you talking about these things that yeah we don't really get in the weeds to understand why they're doing what they're doing and this really helps us right >> well I'm happy to help you know like I can also tell you you know how things are born like how you know inbox rotation was born and all those other tools but it always come like you know talking to your user and figuring out so uh one thing we figured out um two years ago already is that you know email email results are going a little bit down and my goals always have been like how can we help people to sell more like how can we help them to to get more bookings that's really you know what we're thinking and deliverability was and always has been like a big part of it uh for sure but recently I figured like hey you know it seems like LinkedIn is hot there may be actually a time to actually do LinkedIn automation as part of the tool and so and so we did and so we added actually LinkedIn automation and so now you and have like this multiplatform conversation and then I figured and and basically that works way better, right? So, you know, according to stats, you get better results on LinkedIn that you get on email these days. Um, that's not that's not real surprise and I've always been a big fan of small campaigns because you can target better and then get a better um a better strategy for targeting your audience and therefore getting more results, which is hard for an agency. I get it because you know every client is a little bit different and then you have to you know make the pros and cons of having something a bit more cookie cutter versus having something a bit more personalized with you know how much you charge and how competitive you are. So I get it, you know, it's very difficult, but adding like multiple channels really really helpful. Um, and from what I can tell from the stats is basically LinkedIn is actually working better than uh email is. Now why is that? I don't think it's just purely due to deliverability but also market saturation. Like at some point you know people think like ah you know I received like five email I'm not even like want to read them. like people are just getting like fatigue of even looking at their inboxes. So they're way less patient when it comes to you know pitching stuff and um and so that's why we added LinkedIn proved to be working pretty well. And then lately I figured like hey that's fine but you know it's kind of like annoying to have to put up you know uh LinkedIn profiles you know from Apollo or all those kind of like platform and and I don't really like the targeting and how it's done and so on. So because I'm using like sales navigator, I actually we actually did like automatic import from sales navigator. I was talking to Jack as well who is um who is owning a lead generation agency as well. Uh for which I do podcast with actually every week. So we got like more than 5 450 episodes or something like that. So it's just like eight years in the making uh at one a week. But um but so so he was telling like he really is you know really strong on um using LinkedIn for you know delivering leads and I'm like okay well you know let's investigate LinkedIn and so I use actually sales navigator to automatically filter my stuff but there is a couple of cool thing you could do like within five minutes I created like a campaign that work like gang buster. So basically I go into my LinkedIn navigator I say hey I want you know a certain type of people yada yada yada and then I put you know active on LinkedIn because there's no point in sending an invite to someone who is not active on LinkedIn. So you really have you know you have the opportunity to say like hey he posted or he's been active in LinkedIn last 30 days. So you tick this box you also tick second degree connection and then you'll have in theory like a a quite of small subset. So the goal is really to obtain something like 200 leads no more. And then what you do next is you grab this filter. You just go to quickmail. You say import leads from link from sales navigator. You paste this link and then the cool thing is that it will go into your campaign. It will execute your campaign. And then you could also say every week or every two days or every day even you can reimpport this same filter. And because more people accepted your your invite, it opens to more second degree connection which makes it like a kind of like evergreen campaign. I got my campaign. It's working like gang buster and I haven't touched it like for a second. It's just amazing. It's like one of the most great experience. The link that needs to happen next is when people don't reply to you on LinkedIn, then it's kind of helpful to also switch and reinforce it with email. The problem I have is we don't really have within quickmail the ability to automatically unreach for email so that you can switch like you know transparently from LinkedIn to email. You kind of like have to have it. So it's kind of like annoying but we'll get there at some point. So it's kind of like uh what's latest and what excites me at the moment. >> Sure. So you you prefer a campaign where it's blank connection request message on LinkedIn reaffirming message via email >> kind of. So my I I actually I'm a that's that's kind of a big thing actually. I'm a big believer of a lot of things um that are not necessarily intuitive to most of people. Um for LinkedIn I'm a big believer in non-MPT invites. I'm actually a big believer in a proper connection request that actually mention up front some really cool thing that the will make them want to accept the connection request once they accept part like it's like um you know with email for example I'm I'm a big fan of having your email subject about the topic of what you want to talk about or something simple one or two words three max or lower case simple like for example let's say I want to invite you to a podcast I will just put my email will be like podcast, right? >> Yeah, >> it's easy to process for them the recipient. So, it's just going to see like podcast. We're going to talk about podcast. If I'm not interested in podcast, I'm not going to read your email. It doesn't matter what the offer is. So, just put podcast. It's upfront. It's great. And if you do the same thing with with LinkedIn, then people will then decide to accept or not based on this. And if they accept, they kind of like it's like a mini contract. they kind of accept you like, "Okay, I'm gonna read your pitch because I'm okay with this type of um you know, this this mini contract that we just have together." And so I do the same thing. So with email, with LinkedIn, um hired my VA like that, but was super simple. I knew a company that was uh training VAS in the Philippine. I just did a sales navigator filter, figured out people who worked at this company for more than one year and send them like a small text like saying like, "Hey, looking for a VA. Do you have capacity?" It's just simple as that. Like it's just like a quick connection request. If they say yes, I say, "Hey, great. This is a gig, whatever." Like we start discussing the thing. Again, it's an automation. And that's basically, you know, how I use Outreach um constantly every day. So, a lot of people say like like don't do the blank message and then when you send the first message uh have it be like a open-ended generic general question or something like that like I guess kind of is a leading question you would say be pretty frank about it and just say like what's say what's on your say that what the topic is that they expect that you're going to pitch them about >> and then you send them a message a short short oneline message I assume that just kind of um and then if they don't then you follow up with an email that um says hey did you get my LinkedIn message or what what would what >> something along the lines of uh hey send you a LinkedIn message understand LinkedIn you know is um is a difficult place or like it's a it's a black hole when it comes to email you know when it comes to inbox a photo you know I'll shoot you a message here you know in two words this is what it's about you know are you in are you out you game that's basically you know, my type of messages. And again, that's also my style, right? It's not the styles of everyone and you know, and it may not work for some people and that's okay, too. You know, it's just like you're never going to get like 100% reply rate. What's important is to get the reply from the people you want to work with or the people you actually want to close. And so, if for example, I was contacting doctors in Germany, I'll never do the same tactic, you know. And if I was contacting people that are really hard to get on call and so on, then I will do a different strategy. I'll probably do like you know uh a strategy about more like about knowing them first and you know and and and generating some relationship before going into an ask right but yeah >> um but there are there are plenty of of difference the the interesting thing here uh Christian is that the biggest lever when it comes to actually getting success with cold outreach is really about the strategy it's not necessarily everything else is tactics right so um the strategy could be really different. It could be like instead of like reaching out for, you know, instead of reaching out for the VAS, I'm just going to speedball here, but instead of reaching out to VA directly, I could try to reach out to um companies, you know, hiring VAS or people who have connection with VA. So, I'm actually changing my angle. And if I'm changing my angle, I'm going to have to change my my audience. I'm going to have to change my message. But maybe I'll be way more successful with that, right? So instead of going after the end users, maybe I go for the influencers, you know, it's just like or different angle. Maybe I go in a different person in a company and pitch something else. Maybe go I go to the CFO and pitch a cost, you know, reduction or but maybe I go to the head of of marketing and I pitch, you know, more more more visibility, whatever it is like those are the thing that actually drive, you know, uh results and move the needle. And of course, the problem is like the tool needs to help you, but the tool is not really the one that actually makes you successful. It's the one that actually prevents you from being successful, right? And that's really how I like to see things. And if the tool doesn't actually help you to deliver your message, that's a problem. But it could be also that your message is so bad no one wants to read them, it doesn't matter what tool you're using, you're not going to get results. You know what I mean? It's like the tool is not the end be all. It's should be like a support for your strategy. If your strategy is rubbish, you're not going to get results. doesn't matter what. That's basically my my my thinking. And I prefer to have really small audiences because then you can do and craft something that resonates with people. >> Yeah. Unfortunately, it's going to get even harder. So, if your offer is even remotely rubbish in the coming year, you're going to be screwed. >> Yeah. I mean, you you could do you could do a few things. Um like recently, I I give you an example that I've done like recently. You know, I'm starting a new business which is called Monster Ops. uh it's a tool to help your company to um to get some sort of structure and cadence whatever but the point like this is not the point of the of the I'm trying to make the point I'm trying to make is that I'm saying like how am I on earth am I going to actually reach out to my end users right for that like I need to contact companies but it applies to a lot of different companies a lot of different markets okay cool I can go vertical by vertical that's one way how am I going to pitch them well I'm not quite sure so I'm thinking well how about I talk to people who actually reach out to those companies. Oh, maybe uh you know EOS instructors. Okay, cool. Well, that's already a smaller pool. Instead of 60,000 or 60 millions, you know, companies, suddenly I come down to a thousand people. A thousand people is a fantastic pool to actually start to do outreach, right? You're expecting 10% reply rate. That's 100 people, 100 calls or whatever. That that should be okay. So, I go there and basically you have a few ways of approaching it. So the way approaching it is a mouse and whisker. I'm not sure if you guys are familiar with that, but it's basically sending a small a small message that could be interpreted both ways, a client or a pitch. So for example, um I'll say to you Christian, I'll say like, uh, hey, are you guys taking clients for Christmas? You know, are you guys taking clients before Christmas or do you have capacity to take clients before Christmas? you don't really know like is it a client asking me if we can work together or is it someone trying to pitch me one thing. Now this this is what I call this is what is going to give you what I call market propensity meaning like if people think it's a client right and they're not replying like they're never going to reply doesn't matter who it is. So the highest reply you're going to get is basically through that sort of tactic like people thinking it's a client. It's going to get you the highest reply and that's what I call the market propensity. If you're getting 40% reply rate, you're never going to get more than 40 reperson reply rate. Doesn't matter what you're saying. So what I did, but the problem for with with this approach is that people resent you, right? Because they say like, "Oh, you [ __ ] You know, you you you've been, you know, you make me think you're a client, but in fact, you're trying to sell me something, right?" You build instant resentment, you know, like it's not going to work. So the thing I do is like I I sort of like say, you know, like, "Hey, I'll tell you about my story and why I contact you quickly, but it could sort of like be interpreted both ways." And then if they say like sure let's talk because they may think I'm a client. I say hey just before we talk I want to make ultra sure that you know there is no confusion. This is what I want to talk about. Are we still okay to talk? And some people ignore me. Some people say oh I don't have the capacity any uh you know to talk about those things. But some people are just like yeah sure let me help you. You know let's go on. And those guys deliver like amazing amazing uh discussion because you've been upfront with them. you know, you didn't try to trick them on the call. It was only like to to get, you know, foot in the door and starting a conversation with them. >> So again, that's a different approach, right? >> We do a lot of that like like postqualification in in other examples, but yeah, it's really nice to [laughter] >> someone's coding. >> Yeah. Um Yeah. So, um, yeah, we do a lot of that qualification. Um, and just like, you know, just out of curiosity, is this is this something on your mind right now? If not, let's punt it down the road, right? And people appreciate that. Same type of thing. I don't know. Um, the Oh, it says I changed the mic. Fantastic. Love it. The joy of life. >> Houston, we we we lost Christian. >> Yeah. Oh my god. >> Oh, he's back. >> Oh, fantastic. So what's on we got to wrap up uh on the on the hour today but what is like on the road map for quick mail obvious new ops business coming out mail as features and um and then tell us there's there's some connection problem you've been sorry you've been cutting I can't really um I don't really know what you're thing. >> Okay. Sorry about that. >> No worries. >> Um, why don't you tell us what's what you've what you've got for quick mail in the coming year before we wrap up and a quick spiel about the ops company? >> Oh, yeah, sure. Um so um yeah I mean one thing that we've done recently uh for quickmail is about um the ability to buy Gmail inboxes automatically preconfigured within three to five hours. it's already like available in your in your inbox with specific auto warmer or like private auto warmer as well as uh the stealth mode I was talking about as in like you know Google not being able to trace what software I actually use to send emails from this inbox and everyone's got you know his different things. Um I think we want to take it that sort of like the next level next year. I don't necessarily want to say it out loud because there is you know probably other people you know listening and so on and we want it still take a few months to actually come up with that. Um but there is there's a few possibility on direction we want to go. So we also want to hear from people. So if you guys you know have some ideas on what direction you would like against you know going against other you know other possibility then you know we we're definitely happy to listen to that but we don't have our road map really public we only you know there's always a difference between and and again it's marketing problem and we're not great at marketing but we like to talk about things once they're done not you know before they're done. So yeah, it's kind of kind of a thing unfortunately. >> But if you're um but you know if you contact me and stuff like that then you know and tell me you know what you need to to have and stuff like I could always like tell you like hey you know it may be in the making or you know give us an extra months or stuff. Uh so there may be some AI and it may not be you know those sort of things. >> Love it man. Love it. Thank you so much Jeremy for coming on. Hope to have you on a couple uh a couple months so we can talk about uh what you have come out with as opposed to what's on the road map. But love it. If you haven't tested out quickmail, go give it a shot. It's going to be critically important in the next year to diversify who you're sending from everything. Um so appreciate the time, my friend, and we'll talk to you soon. Cole, >> of course. Thanks, Christian. Thanks, everyone.