# cold-email-hacks

**Author:** nick-abraham
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c_mgw23PbY
**Fetched:** 2026-06-15T19:43:35.390Z

---

So today's going to be a little bit different. We have a cold email OG with us. Nick is someone who has built or has been in the game for a very long time, has been through it all, has a massive agency nowadays, which we're going to talk about and is someone that tests a lot and he's going to share a lot of valuable insights with you guys. And I think you guys are going to like this a lot. So Nick, I appreciate you making the time, man. >> Dude, I'm always I'm always excited to speak to you. Anytime I get an email from Felipe like, "Hey, let's hop on," I'm immediately there. >> These are always fun. And now here's something interesting. I think most people actually don't know it, but you've been through a lot in cold email and you were actually one of the very first people that was doing things like spin syntax, inbox rotation, all of those things before it even was a thing in the tools. Um, so did I think my first question is going to be like when when did you realize like you had an eye for this type of stuff? Because you've been the pioneer for a lot of this techniques for a very long time already. >> Yeah, I mean dude, honestly, as much as I'd love to say that I thought about it all, dude, I had to give all my credits to to Eric Pollson. He's like the O, if you think I'm I'm an OG in the space, he's like a true OG in the space. Uh he's been cold emailing since like dude, he he was born before cold emails were invented, you know, and then he he was like right on the train of it. Um and and so a lot of like my learning curves got cut so much because funny enough, I got introduced to him via a cold email um just by pure luck and then hopped on a call, worked on a couple companies with him. we built our own email sending platform and he just had so much knowledge built up over the years because he's no joke a pioneer in the cold email space and so you know I was just picking back off of him uh and I learned so much off of the stuff he did and then we were both just like constantly running endless amounts of tests to try to figure out all these little tiny hacks and things and all that stuff and funny enough the biggest learning lesson I had through all of that is that the offer is king. You know, you could you could literally mess up every single thing in the cold email. You can mess up the infra, the lead list, like all that kind of stuff, but if you have a good offer, you'll still get results. Dude, I couldn't agree more with that. Actually, this is a test we did we did a while ago and we talked about it, which is we did everything deliberatively wrong in our campaigns to see if the offer would still bypass that and still work and it did. Bounce rates of 10% plus accounts that were not good, accounts that were actually burnt before with the right offer, they just worked. Yeah, >> one of our best campaigns we've ever ran. Funny enough, the client gave us the copy and the copy, like when I looked at it initially, I was like, "Dude, there's no way that this will work." And I was like so scared to even try it. And uh he was like, "No, like it's always worked. Just trust me." And he's not like a deliverability expert or anything of that sort. So I was like, "There's just no way it's going to happen." And I remember I had to literally send him an email like, "Hey, this is probably going to fry all our entire email infrastructure. Are you okay with that? And are you are you okay with knowing that?" And he's like, "Yeah, let's that's fine. just test it. So, we tested it. We got and this is the best campaign we've ever ran. A lead per every 10 contacts that we're reaching out to. >> Oh, wow. >> The p like it was legitimately four paragraphs with about three different links in it. >> And it wasn't even like this was whenever like a lot of the spam filters were were super uh easy, right? This is probably in the last like year and a half. >> And like it just had such a good offer behind it. Like it truly spoke to the like the prospects we were reaching out to. And that's when it really hit me like, oh, like the offer is everything. Like if you have a cold ready offer, you could pretty much mess up everything else in cold email that we will probably, you know, nerd out about in this call today >> and you could still get incredible results cuz a lead per every 10 contacts is insane. >> That is insane. I have never seen results like that. So, I'll be very honest. I've been in code for a long time. One out of 10. That's nuts. >> Insane. I actually did not know that. And unfortunately, this client doesn't work with us anymore because we couldn't hit or we couldn't get like lists fast enough for him. Um, but we have like another one of I would say like someone in a similar space to him and I was reviewing the results on a call with him and I was like, "Oh, darren, this is a lot better than I thought it was." Uh, so yeah. No, I'm excited to to get another campaign like that going again. >> Yeah, that is interesting. Now, you said something I think is extremely important. Not every offer works for code. Code specifically, that is one thing that is super important. Most people think, hey, if I sold it before, it's good. But it's not actually the case. So, I guess what is your framework or mental checklist that you run through instinctively now to guess if an offer is going to work or not? >> You know, it it's it's kind of hard to be able to do that and and have like a really good formula cuz like you really don't know until you test it. You know, there's so many campaigns that we've ran where I felt like it was going to fall fall short and when we run it, it get great results. And and you know, I've had the opposite too. And I feel like with like any kind of offer and and and identifying cold traffic and and what offers convert on cold traffic, you just got to test. Um and and us both being cold email agency owners, it's it's hard because that's like the thing that we have the least control on, right? Like the clients have to be okay with us adjusting the offer, which a lot of times like if they're a larger company, they probably won't allow us to do that um or present it this way and things of that sort. And so it's just it's just it's hard to do sometimes. But I like my advice and the thing I've learned recently is like you just you just got to test and you got to see and and and the market speaks for itself. I think like simple things I think about that are kind of generic and and most people know it's like it it has to either make money or save money. I think those are the the two most important things in the B2B space and then when it comes to like a campaign it just needs to solve a super specific pain point in that industry. And so like whenever we launch campaigns now um our head of fulfillment he won't even approve the campaigns unless the copy and the offer is specific to one industry and solves a specific industry painoint. If if it's generic in any other sense it it has to get denied because like when you take a generic offer and you it's kind of like I would say saturated and you run it to like a generic list like you just never get results. like you'll get like a like a lead per every maybe 5,000 emails which you know is not considered good in my eyes. So like in every campaign it has to be one specific pain point that's solved and one specific solution for one specific industry. I like that a lot. Um that is very similar to the framework that we use in our company which we have three like pillars for a framework which is it's a great offer saves money makes money or saves time. It's either one of those three pillars. Then the two other ones and one of them you mentioned as well is relevancy. Is this offer actually relevant to the person is like solving one pain point? And the next one is believability. I'm curious if you found the same thing like companies that have a good online presence, companies that have pro in place, companies that are googable, they think should do the best. >> Oh 100%. Like that that that's such a big factor. Um like we'll turn down clients nowadays if they're like, "Oh, like hey, you know, we want to test." And like you know what that means is that they have no landing page, they have no LinkedIn profile set up, no G2, no Trust Pilot, nothing. And it's like you really think that someone I mean, you know, obviously if the offer is good, like you probably still can get some people on the call, but like your chance of success is just so much lower whenever like you don't seem credible and credibility comes from having all those intangible assets. >> Yeah. I used to tell people like imagine if you receive a great cold email, like fantastic offer, fantastic. What's the first thing you do? You look them up, right? Check their website. You look them up on Google. You want to find them, know if you can uh trust them. So, on that note, dude, this is going to be an interesting one. What do you think people mess up the most when it comes to cold email and legion? >> Yeah, I was actually thinking about this before our call cuz I knew we were going to speak about deliverability a lot today. >> Yeah. >> Um I dude, I think, you know, everyone over obsesses on like infra, right? like which provider do I use who's my reseller who's this that you know do I set it up in instant all these kind of things >> and you know you could forget all that if you have you should forget all that if you don't have a good foundation and what I think foundation is is like are you like doing like the simple things like cleaning the company name right are you cleaning the titles are you cleaning and formatting the the the the like the first names removing the emojis out of there are you spin taxing the campaign are you um you know actually making sure your lead list is relevant to the the industry and the person that you're supposed to reach out to. Like just like those kind of things that a lot of people glance over cuz it Yeah. what I say like what I think about those things is like it's like that it's easy to do but it just takes that extra layer of effort and an extra layer of like doing something and so people just know why I do it >> and it's the thing that makes what I would say like some of the biggest impacts in your cold email campaign cuz like >> 99% of people if they get a cold email that says like hey I saw that uh you work at DFY meeting LLC like they're just immediately going to throw that in the trash right and so it's just like >> those like foundational things is where I think everybody just completely skips and glances over and they overobsess on like, you know, the infrastructure, the sending tool because like those things, yes, they are important. Yes, they're, you know, they're critical, but like you could have the best infrastructure, the best sending platform, but if you have like that lead list with the like the names formatted wrong, no spin tax, like you know, just emailing like a generic list, something like that, like you just you just won't have a high chance of success. So, I think like you have to have a lot of those tiny things to really be successful in campaigns. Now, >> dude, I liked it a lot. I actually had a coaching call this morning where I told the person he was asking for one hour straight like infras question infra question infra question. I was like dude can I give you some like feedback. It's like yeah sure don't ask me about infra anymore dude it doesn't matter that much. It's like it matters but it doesn't matter to that extent. Like I always like to compare it like imagine if you were selling the cure of cancer to people that have cancer and know about it. Would you need all of this infoac crazy stuff? You probably wouldn't if you're believable enough because you would land right? People want it and email service providers kind of have an idea of what people react and don't react to and if your offer is good and your emails are good, you will land more than you would not land. So yeah, I definitely agree that's a massive overhype. Um let's talk about hypes. Let's talk about people that people the things that people overall think are more important than they are. What do you think about AI nowadays and AI generated scripts, AI generated personalized lines and ETCs? >> Yeah. No, I think uh I think AI is very useful called emails because it allows you to one prior to the campaign launching do the research at scale, right? Like you're actually able to figure out pain points in specific industries without having to rely on your clients. I think that's like a a huge upgrade, right? Um I think it's really good in in filtering lead list, getting it down to, you know, your ICP and making sure you score it properly. I think it's good in um finding specific variables that you couldn't get uh elsewise. You know, I used to like literally and everybody uses this play now, but >> Mhm. >> like maybe in like 2019, 2020, like one of the campaigns we had was we would pull agencies and we would literally have a VA literally go to each website and find a case study and enter it as variable. Now, you could like automate that with Quaggent. And I think that stuff is amazing. Where I think everyone messes up with AI and emails is that they just go too overboard. Like I bet you if you went into your inbox and you said and I and I told you go pick out every email in here that is using AI, you'd be able to easily do it because like >> yeah, >> people use Caggent and then they'll use like another prompt on top of it to like come up with the craziest sentence that in theory sounds really good, but then when you actually go in and audit it, like yes, you may have some 10 out of 10 cool email campaigns and you know, personalization lines and all that, but then you also have the other side which is like a zero out of 10 where it's complete garbage. You know, I think the variance with with AI, even if you do all the quality checks is a little too high in my opinion. I think >> having it come up with like unique sentences where it's like, you know, hey, here's an app idea I I I figured out for your company. Uh 1, two, and three, like those sometimes really are junk. Um but like if you're using it to find like super simple variables and then you include those variables in sentences that you made, I think that's where the gold is. Um, but yeah, I think that the big thing is is like people go overboard with it and it's kind of like a hype. It's like, oh, like AI generated campaigns, they're going to improve my deliverability. They're going to make unique messages and like sure, but like the chances of you doing the quality control to make sure that it's like, you know, even like 90% good is is is still very low >> and also not overdoing the whole thing. It's >> like as you mentioned, people add too much. Another thing I will mention on AI as well that is important both of us do as well is one thing is we don't just go to GPT ask it to write an email and have hope it finds you well which is what GPT always responds with um in your case you have an engineer that does this for you I myself do a lot of prompt engineering we test a lot of things and even then we don't apply to do everything for us all the time and so I think most people think that you could just have one AI or an AI agent that does everything personalizes creates a messaging sends it etc and that's just a bit too much, you know. Yeah. >> Um, for a lot of people, >> it's always funny, too, because like I see a lot of like content creators in the cold email space. They'll like post about how like this AI prompt is changing everything for them. And like, you know, I've done enough prompts in like pretty much every section. And I've, you know, even asked some of these guys to build stuff for me. And when I review it, I'm like, dude, like, I agree. You know, there's probably like 10 lines in here in this lead list that are beautiful, beautiful emails like all the way through, but there's also like 50 that are absolutely terrible, you know, and I'm just like this variance is just a little bit too much for me right now. And I'm not saying AI won't get there. it for sure we'll get there. Yeah. But right now like >> I think like some of the more simpler campaigns that we create that include a variable that we grab from using Clay outperform like the fully, you know, unique one by one emails. >> Yeah, I definitely agree. One uh one thing I found to help and I'm curious if you try this too is having GPT judge whether it should use the personalized line or just a fallback line. And I found it to be quite good at that. So that that kind of worked but it still had generic lines. it would be the fallback. >> Um, have you played with that? >> We've done that. And the one thing I saw that is a lot of times when you do like the quality check that way and and just like in and like that's a good example, but there's also like, you know, grading a lead lead list. uh there's just like what I would say is like there's a lot of industries and a lot of offers and a lot of variables where there's just like a whole bunch of false positives, you know, and so it's it's it's hard to do like the quality check unless you look at like 50 to 100 leads manually and like kind of assume it yourself and then kind of go in and reprompt it. And that's that's the thing I've seen. But yeah, like I think like that's the best thing to do as of right now. It's like, you know, have it like kind of assessed to see if it's good or to go to the fallback. Um, but yeah, like I I think that's the better way to do it for sure. >> Yeah, I like that. Now, let's talk about the vilified stuff. How about spray and prey? Like we do it a lot to this day. We still do spray and pray and for some offers it works. Um, they just have a saturated offer, huge, and it kind of works. What are your thoughts on that? >> Yeah. No, I mean I think there's some offers that like you have to spray and pray to get the results for it, you know. Um, I know a lot of guys that sell like insurance via cold email and or they generate Yeah. entrance leads and that entire game is like you have to spray and prey, you know, and and like the entire setup is hilarious. Like they use uh Gmail accounts, like not even like the personal Gmail accounts, not like a Google Workspace email and they're sending like 100K plus per day, you know? Uh and and it and it does get results, right? It does get leads and and so it's it's funny to see a lot of people saying like spray and pray is over. I think in some markets with some offers like you could obviously say that lead rates have dropped. Um, yeah, but like I think, you know, there's still a lot of markets out there where spray and prey is the better choice and and it is the choice that works better versus like overoptimizing like a clay style campaign, you know. >> Yeah. So, I have a a note on lead rates. This has been something observed for the past few months. I noticed that reply rates have been dropping across the board. It's like overall you notice the reply rates start going down like as it gets more saturated, people respond emails, but lead rates are kind of staying the same. like the amount of positive replies from the final list is kind of still good and that is not dropping. Are you noticing something similar? >> So, I actually haven't seen reply rates drop. What I've actually seen is year-over-year our lead rates have increased. And so, we're looking at like the total amount of emails that we have to send to generate a lead um to generate one lead. And that number has increased which it but it hasn't increased to a point where I'm like scared. You know, I think it comes down to a couple things. I think one, I'm no longer running a lot of the campaigns. When I first started and the lead rates that we had back then, I was doing everything. So, like, you know, obviously it's going to be a little bit better than my team that'll eventually get to hopefully my pace. Um, and and and so I think that's one reason. And then obviously I think spam filters have gotten a lot tougher in the last like 2 to 3 years versus the two to three years prior to that. Um, but I still don't think it's like alarming enough to say like, hey, cold email as a channel is dying, you know? Um, and I think the other thing too is like we're going to go through EB's like like just like waves, right? And so I think right now like the way I think about it is cold email right now is the easiest outbound channel to launch massive messages compared to cold calling and LinkedIn outbound, right? But you have to be overly technical like me and you to create really sufficient good campaigns. And so a lot of the the lower end of the market is slowly starting to dip out because it's starting to become expensive and it's starting to become a little bit harder than it was before. And now they're looking at LinkedIn outbound. They're looking at cold calling, right? And so now those channels will slowly start to, you know, there'll be more solutions on the market to make it easier to launch campaigns there and get more results and like, you know, those channels will start to, you know, spike up in activity and then they become less effective, you know. So it's like I think it comes in waves in that situation and I think that's like what we're we're going to see in the in the near future. Like LinkedIn outbound has been very expensive in the last 2 to four years but now we have tools like hey reach who have really dropped the cost there. People are finding avatars more easily or more available. Like there's a lot more vendors that sell it. Um and so you're just going to start to see LinkedIn outbound start to uptick again. And same thing with cold calling. Like a lot of the parallel dialers that are out in the space, um, they've kind of all dropped prices and there's new players in the space that make it way easier to do a ton of cold calls. And then like hiring overseas talent is only getting easier and cheaper for the most part as well. And so it's like running massive cold call operations is is a lot easier than it was like 5 years ago. Also, phone number data I I don't know if you kind of seen this, but like has gone cheaper than has ever before. People used to pay 50 cents uh for a record on Zoom Info. Now it's like, you know, you're paying 10 cents. Um and so yeah, like I think cold calling is just getting easier as well. And so yeah, like I think other channels are just opening up and we're going to see cold email start to get a lot easier in the next like 2 to 3 years is my bet. Um and then we're going to just see like LinkedIn outbound and cold call get a little bit more competitive and then like yeah, we'll just constantly see these waves according to like what new tools come out and what new I guess like regulations and things get passed. That's interesting. I guess it follows a barrier to entry. Whenever it becomes too easy and chill over a barrier to entry, people just flood it there and it stops working. >> Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I mean, like I I'm sure you've seen a lot of customers where like they were doing cold emails internally and then like around the time where smart lead and instantly came out, now it's like super tough because like you know, everyone's doing it and now it's like a little bit more competitive for them. I mean, we hear that story day in day out and it's true. you know, like the barrier to entry has gotten a lot easier. I mean, like, dude, remember whenever we first started, like imagining one click creating inboxes, like that's mind-boggling to me, you know, and then like one click, you know, getting your leads scraped, verified, formatted, and then put into a Google sheet >> and then not paying per inbox assigned into a sequencer. Like that was >> that was the the heyday. That was like the like, you know, we were going through pain to get all this stuff going. Um, but now you don't have to do any of you could just like one click everything is done for you and created and you can start sending to Nike. Um which before it wasn't like that. >> Dude, that was the best jump. I think you were an Emmy your own tool at the time so you didn't build like as much as we did but we were full on limb list and we were spending around like 60k a year with LM list just for inboxes >> and dude they did instantly came out and we moved over. We're like holy cow look at our margins now. >> Oh yeah. No, absolutely. I think like yeah that entire thing changed everything for us as well. I mean, even when we're using like our own and this is like why we switched over to Smartly, like you know, we we spent a lot of money and time to to build Emmy and then we were looking at it and we were like, dude, it would just be cheaper to sign up for Smartly cuz Smartly came up a little bit after us and we were like from managing the dev team to managing like the entire email infrastructure like it it it would be cheaper to just use smart lead and and like we used it and it was like way better than what we built too. It was like, okay, like let's just do this full switch here. >> Now, you were the most qualified person in my opinion to talk about this SAS versus agencies. You've done a lot of SAS. You did very good SAS companies and you made the switch to a full-blown agency. Why? >> Dude, I think SAS is so much harder when you're non-technical. So, I'm not technical at all, right? Like, you know, I can't code for anything. Um, and the agency model is so much like I was thinking about this yesterday because I saw so I see this a lot. Like I see a lot of new guys in the cold email space. They'll spin up something. They'll charge like you know 15 bucks a month for their tool. >> And I'm just like guys like do the math behind this. Like do you know how many customers you would need to hit like a million dollar run rate or even just like to to to hit a million dollars in revenue, right? Like it's just it's it's tough. You got to have a ton of customers. You got to be able to service those customers. And then you need to be able to build like the team and and have like a sticky product. Like there's so many things that can go wrong and and it's like dude, it's so much easier to just go grab like a $2,000 retainer and and you know, maintain it for 3 months, you know? And so it's like I think for most people like they over and then like here's the other thing too like some people for whatever reason and I I was kind of in this boat where I would think like oh I'd get my SAS to $10,000 a month and it'd be a sellable asset for you know $150,000 plus and I've never seen anyone that's ever done that got a SAS to $10,000 a month and sold it for you know 200 to 500k plus. >> Um so yeah >> I know if you're trying to sell now and they're reaching out to be like hey do you want to buy it? I'm like hell no. >> Yeah. Exactly. You know, um, but yeah, no, I think like the the agency game is a lot easier to run as a non-developer versus running a SAS. And like, you know, we've done a lot of SAS. Some have hit some super high months, some have, you know, failed like Emmy. Um, I think like you you have to have a really really seasoned CTO that has a really good back-end team and development team as well. Otherwise, you just won't scale really far fast in this space. And I think the PLG model for the most part is extremely hard to crack. And like when you're bootstrapping something like you need you need cash today to see the lights tomorrow. And and doing a PG model where it's like monthto-mon subscriptions sub $90 a month like with high churn like you know you're not always going to see that. Um >> yeah. And so yeah, like I think agency for sure is where I would hope everybody starts versus SAS. What I will say though is SAS does have the benefit of like not having to build a really intense fulfillment system. Like me and you, I would consider >> like we both probably have some of the, >> you know, we're easily in the top 1% when it comes to like legion agency backend fulfillment systems like and like to be in the top 1% of a pretty competitive industry is, you know, pretty pretty crazy, but like we do a lot of work, you know, and we have a lot of things that we've built and and a lot of things that break and rely on people and stuff. And with with the with the SAS, you really don't have all that, you know, it's like, you know, everything's automated on the back end for the most part. Um, so I would say like that is the one benefit the the SAS does have on like the agency model, but overall like the agency model is it's way easier to scale. >> Yeah, I would agree. But I will add something to what you said last, which is you have less of that, but you also got to do a lot to stay competitive in a SAS company. >> Yeah. >> Cuz like look at Incident Smart for example. like they took over the market, but right now they got to stay competitive too cuz everyone else is adapting around their offer and offering something better and then they got to pivot and they got to add something and remove something and it is this constant dance of staying competitive. >> Yeah. And to kind of even tie back into that like if you don't have that development team that can like work at a super fast pace, it's super hard to be competitive, you know? um like both of like Instantly and Smartly like their teams are dropping multiple features every single month versus like some of these other guys like you know I haven't seen them drop a feature in a year so it's like you know you got to have a really cracked out development team to to to really make waves in the space for sure. >> Yeah. And by the way quick note for everyone trying to replicate incident more right now it's a little bit too late. Um I got like ste like hey you should try our sending tool and it's like well I don't know buddy I don't know. No. Uh, dude, we we get that a lot, too. And I'm testing a couple out right now because it does have the hype in the market and stuff like that. >> But like, and I got this comment on my um my Twitter a couple days ago. They were like, "Hey, why haven't you transferred everything over yet?" >> And I was like, "Well, you know, I do have 200 plus clients right now. I don't think it'd be the smartest thing to put it on a completely brand new tool to be like their first customer. You know, I just don't have that luxury." Um, and so that's why I'm not I'm not switching over. But I mean I I think like you know like any tool in the market like one thing we all have learned in the years and and you've been a big proponent of this by the way is like diversification across everything. You know you were never just on one tool you were on like every tool and and you like kind of separated perfectly and had the systems to be able to migrate things perfectly. And that's something that we're learning this year as well. Um but yeah like I think like that's something that I picked up from you for sure. So that that is an instant one and I guess people think it's so lame to say oh you got to diversify you got to be protected and etc. And well hits the fan you you got to have some way out and this is the thing that I have this is the beef I have with the new tools it's like if hits the fan do they have the means to fix it a lot of them don't's a single developer and then but you're kind of stuck. Yeah. And and and for any cold email agency to put your entire business on that like that's that's so risky, you know, like that is literally like and and we've done this with inbox providers back in the past. Like we used to use panels and all that good stuff back in the day. And having all of the eggs in one basket, dude, like you're you're asking to to put yourself through hell for for two to three weeks, you know, and you're going to lose a lot of money. You're going to have a lot of clients that are upset. Like it's the worst. And so, yeah, like I like I would not put my entire client base on one tool that isn't like really established and like has like a really built out development team and and like I don't know I I could talk about this like all day long, but it it's funny too cuz like some people are like, you know, I see this with like uh people getting mad at like Smart Lead and like V for example. They're like, "Oh, the support team doesn't get back to me." And I'm like, "Dude, V is managing like a 100 people on his company and he has like 90,000 businesses. of course he's not going to message you like he did in day one and then like they're switching to another competitor where maybe the the founder is like you know doing the support he's doing all the deb and everything and it's like yeah of course they have like 20 customers like of course he's going to give you that like a tier support but he won't whenever he gets just as big as Smartly. >> Uh and that that's just business but like it's >> it's so funny to me whenever people come to those like conclusions um and it's just like dude like like it's a growing business like what do you what do you what do you expect you know? Yeah, indeed. Now, quick shout out to V, by the way. Dude is a hustler. Although he has Oh, dude, ton of customers, he's still on it. >> Oh, 100%. Dude, anytime you have any kind of issue, dude, V is like immediately there like >> Yeah. Yeah. >> total admiration for the guy. He's he's he's a killer. >> Yeah, definitely. Definitely agree. Now, talking about like diversifying and being safe and things changing called email, let's say like in your experience, this happened a lot. It happens every single month, maybe even every single week. there is a deliverability hit, deliverability sinking somehow. What is the first thing that you check? >> Um, that's a good question. So, I I think the first thing we've been checking nowadays is the bounce message cuz I think there's so much knowledge in that bounce message that really tells you a lot. Um, and funny enough, like one thing we've done recently too is like we built uh what we call as like our smart lead campaign analyzer. And so, we just built it inside of Replet. We put in the campaign ID and it kind of pulls all the data for us. it'll come to its own conclusions, but like it's not always the right conclusions. But just having all the data in one space to be able to look at it and be able to figure out like what's going on, you know, is is really golden. But like, you know, you kind of have to look at each campaign individually and and kind of figure it out from there. Um cuz there there's there's hundreds of reasons why. So like for example, we had this campaign recently where the reply rate was like sub 1%. And everything looked good from the most part, right? offer I felt like was solid. Lead list was, you know, built well. Um, what else? Oh, like copy was good. Spin tax, like it had all the fundamental stuff that we do. We're sending from Microsoft and Google. Like everything was good. Uh, and then I was kind of looking at it and then it's like the first campaign we launched after like a 3we warm-up period. And to get a below 1% reply rate is it's kind of weird and definitely off. And so I'm looking at it >> y >> and my team's like, "Dude, we did all the checks like we don't know what's going on. I think there's a huge crisis coming." Whatever. whatever. And then I look at the lead list and I go upload that and go check to see the the MX records. Every single uh company that was on there was using Proof Point or Barracuda. And then I was like like we just got to pivot the industry on this one. Um and I think actually the customer gave us that list. I can't remember. But yeah, like that that was the reason I was just like all these domains are literally like 2 weeks old. Like you know they're they're very sensitive when it comes to that. Yeah. So, I was like, "Okay, like the best thing we could do if the customer wants to hit this list is like let's go use some of our non-branded ones um that have like, you know, age domains and like let's go run it again against this list." But yeah, like I think there's like an infinite amount of things that you can look at in a campaign and figure out what to look at. But I would say like bounce rates and reply rates have been like the two things I've like constantly looked at nowadays. >> Yeah, I'm going to I'm going to take a caveat out of there and simplify for the people listening. Pay attention to how Nick does a qualitative assessment of the campaigns, not a quantitative assessment only. Like you don't only look like, oh, bounce rate. You look at what is the bounce message, what is happening. You don't look at like, oh, I got a low reply rate. You look at what was the max record I reached out to you. And so, I feel like a lot of people just miss out on that. And also on the positive side, they post things. They're like, okay, I got a 7% reply rate and a 63% positive reply rate. Well, what does it actually mean? Right? like did you just give like a free training document that people said yes to you know >> dude to touch on that too I think it's hilarious when I see like guys that are like posting smartly like screenshots of their campaigns and stuff or instantly like of the dashboard and it's like you know 10% reply rate and like 60% positive reply rate and they've sent like you know let's say like 50,000 emails and it's like when you're running that much volume I've done enough campaigns to know that whatever you're selling in that offer is just like like there's something in there that's like it's not because you created some crazy campaign, right? It's because you're saying in there something along the lines of like, you know, money back guarantee, I'll build you a free lead list, you want a loom video. It's like one of those CTAs where you're just naturally going to get more like yeses because there's more u or there's like a less of a barrier to enter. But like, you know, most I would say like cold ready offers with like a hard CTA, like you're in that three to seven% reply rate with like maybe 20 to 40% positive, you know? Um, but like when you see those like over the top numbers and they don't show you what they're selling in the email, it's always hilarious cuz it's like, come on, bro. Like, we know the we know the game, you know? >> Exactly. I got so much hate for a screenshot I posted that I actually deleted after which was we have an account and we sent a,500 emails and we got a 2.9% reply rate, but we got a hell of a ton of opportunity selling SEO, dude, which is super hard to sell. And people are like, "Oh, the reply rate sucks." I'm like, "Bro, look at the opportunity rate. That's so high." >> That's Yeah. No, that's that's hilarious because like that's a solid reply rate with that much volume for an SEO offer. Like that's a great campaign. Uh but yeah, you know, you know, some people they like they get a and it's just funny cuz it's just like, you know, we've been in the space long enough so we know, but like sometimes like and and I used to be like this in the beginning. I would get a campaign for an offer and the offer would be like selling something that's like legitimately amazing, you know? And so then I I get that 10% reply rate and like that 60% positive response rate. And I think that every campaign should be like that. But then you then you learn when you take out some of the clients with like not the greatest offers. You'll know what like the true baseline is or a broad enough offer that a lot of people reply to, but they don't actually buy. That's another thing that we noticed. Some campaigns that have a terrible reply rate, they just close. They close deals. >> Yeah. >> Because they screen people enough to find the ones that actually want it. >> Yeah. No, I I I think that's a huge one, too. And I think like I think anybody that's using like a um like in their CTA like hey I can send you a limb video like yeah those guys are always going to have like a 10% reply rate you know and like a crazy good positive reply rate but like at the end of the day like it doesn't like I bet you if you look at their appointments that rate it's terrible you know um and so yeah >> that's another note that that's another thing that people don't see the back end of and they're like oh it must be great it must be closing a lot and not really um d I meant to ask you what are you testing doing nowadays to stay ahead of the curve? Like you've been a pioneer in a lot of the stuff in the beginning. You said you had a someone that was helping you, but nowadays you're on your own, I'm assuming. And what are you doing nowadays to stay ahead? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I think like a lot of the things that we're doing right now is like less of testing new strategies, more of like how do we implement things that we know are working and making it easier for our team to leverage without having to do a lot of like the individual work. So, to give you an example, like there's just certain clay plays that we run that just do really well. A simple one that I'll I'll mention right now is like >> mentioning a colleague in the email. Like that will so good. And then like >> like the way I always think about it is like, okay, if I take a generic offer and I don't use that, like I'm probably not going to get that great of results. >> I will get maybe an extra 20% to 40% increase by just mentioning a colleague for that same offer to that same lead list. And so whenever we have like, you know, what we would say are generic or bad offers, like we always want to include that because it just gets us more results. Um, and so like for our team to leverage that, you know, they have to go inside of Clay, they got to upload the lead list, they got to hit the HTTPS API thing and set up the key and all that stuff. And then they have to write a prompt that will clean the format or or format the comp or the colleague's name better. Then they download, then they upload a sequencer, like all that stuff. and it's just like a lot of work for them. And so we're like, "Okay, how can we one click make it to where it's automated for them?" So like whenever they're building out the campaign, they just put the Apollo search link, they, you know, select a check box that says grab colleague name and then that's it. And so those are things that we're trying to build right now for our team internally that just make it easier for them to leverage a lot of these automations and plays u just so that we get more utility and usage out of them. Um and and that's been like the main thing. Outside of that, funny enough, dude, you I sometimes I feel like sometimes I feel like you're here in my mind just like watching me or something because like I'll see you post the content piece and I'm like, "Dude, we just did that like last week." Uh, so one thing you posted last week was um and and sometimes I'm like, "Dude, I wonder if Felipe thinks I'm just like copying this content or something." Uh, but you posted something last week about like filtering your lead list and like removing like people whose websites don't work or uh just like bad fits and stuff and like we just built that entire process like two to three weeks ago and we've been loving it, you know, and so uh >> huge difference, doesn't it? >> Oh, huge difference. Yeah, absolutely. It's like >> even for like clients too, it's such a good and I don't know why we didn't really like prioritize this earlier, but like sometimes when you just pull certain industries off of Apollo, like let's say like 95% of the list is accurate, but your client looks at the first five leads and for whatever reason those first five leads are, you know, not accurate at all. Like they completely go crazy and understandably, right? Like I would be freaking out too if I was them. Um, and so in like those situations, it's like that's where the filtering system is so good cuz what we do right now is like we'll filter out bad leads and then we'll score it and then we'll put all the fives at the very top. And so like >> you know when we're re when we're actually sending the cold email campaign, it's like the best leads are at the top cuz in smart lead it, you know, works sequentially. Uh >> and so then you just have a way higher chance of getting a better reply rate to jump off and a lot of like the leads come like from day one of sending. Uh, but it also is like whenever the clients reviewing the lead list, they see like, you know, the first like hundred leads are spot-on perfect. Um, and so yeah, like that that's been like something that's been huge for us recently. >> That is really smart. I have two things to share here. So one on getting the colleague names that you said before that I don't know, you're probably already doing this, but it took me a long time to realize this would be the best way to get calling names. I just literally made one AI agent with right proxy or lead magic to open the LinkedIn company profile and then look at all of the jobs and then by the position and the job title find them the best colleague before I was trying to find by the position title itself and it was always crap and people were say like who the heck is that and that l just took that and turned out another level dude put it on steroids >> yeah no that that's kind of similar to our process right now um the other thing I would say too is like we actually did two tests recently on this whenever we built the colleague founder thing. So, like you just got to know your ICP. So, it's like if it's a sub 100 person company and you mention someone's name, regardless of who it is, they'll know who it is, you know? Um, and and so like your campaign will still do pretty well, but it's whenever you start to hit like the really large enterprises, if you just grab someone random, it like completely backfires. And so, you just got to be like about that. And yeah, like cuz like for us it require it would cost a little bit more to find like an exact match of someone that's relevant to the person. So we always just kind of think to ourselves like big company cool. Let's you know find the exact match. Small company let's just find someone random. I liked it a lot. We weren't the hardest game here. It was finding someone in finances for companies that had 2,000 plus employees. And dude, we were getting the names wrong every single time until we built this thing. It was mad. >> Like the reply replies were so bad. is like, "Who the heck is that?" Dude, uh, it's always funny, too, cuz like sometimes like, and I'm sure you do this, too. It's like we'll create like a crazy what we think is a crazy campaign and we're like, yo, we're about to be rich after we click this send button and then it's like >> it completely backfires, you know? Uh, and so like, yeah, we get that all the time. We actually had one, funny enough, on the colleague name. And like certain things like this, like you can't there's no system to solve for it. But the colleague or the guy on LinkedIn, he like passed away unfortunately like a year and a half ago and we mentioned him in the email to his like best friend. >> Oh, his best friend was heated at us, you know, and understandably I totally get that, but like obviously like we don't have malicious intent. This is a cold email that we automated. Uh but it's like you will have like issues like that that happen. Uh which I think are like kind of funny, but it's also just like damn like that sucks, you know? Dude, talk talking of that one that doesn't suck as much, but we are getting a lot actually. I'm very surprised espec specifically when reaching out to law firms um a lot of AI hate messages nowadays. It's like one AI prompt that I don't know they're probably getting it from the same place that is literally explaining all the reasons why colder suck and uh we're getting a lot of those back. It it's not affecting the lead rate at all but some companies are implementing those and it's just so funny. >> Yeah. No, I I think it's funny. You know what's funny too though? Like sometimes we'll use no AI in a cold email and then we'll get people replying back like you know this AI is terrible and we're like dude this is just regular copy I don't know what you mean. Um so yeah like we get those two as well. >> Yeah dude let's get a little bit more advanced and I want to touch on something that makes you very unique and you're one of the very few people that has a very scout agency here at what like 250 clients right now. >> Yeah I think we're going to crack like 230 before the end of this month. So like tomorrow hopefully. Um, so yeah, it'll be pretty pretty massive number for us. Uh, still a lot of things to fix. Obviously, like everyone we're not perfect by any means, but I'm learning every day. So, I'm happy. >> Dude, that's crazy. Now, context for everyone that is not in the cold email space. Most agencies never get past 50 clients ever, ever, ever. Like, they die way before. They can't adapt. They're thinking too small. So, I wanted to ask you, where do you think most agency owners, even the good ones, are thinking too small about outbound or about their agencies? Like, what are they doing wrong? Yeah, I think like a lot of the agencies when I look at it now, um I think there's a lot of reasons why a lot of agencies say small, but I think like one is like they overperfect, right? Like they are trying to build some intrinsic crazy system and like they put all their time and energy into it and it doesn't really move the needle that much. Um and and and it really hurts them from being able to to zoom out and figure out like what are the the the two to three things that actually drive like my company forward. And so like they just aren't able to to onboard more clients because they built this crazy robust process that's not like automated but it's like you know just requires a lot of work and it doesn't really drive the needle forward or get them more results you know. Um, and here's a great example of that, right? Like when I first started, when we built Emmy, right? That was like a year and a half, two year like mission and I spent a lot of time on it. And it's like if I spent that time in just running the agency, like I'd probably be at 1,000 clients by now, you know? And in my head, I was thinking like, oh, this is going to make this is going to change everything for our clients. in reality it didn't, you know, and so it's like things like that like you you you just you think something is really big in reality if you just zoomed out you realize that's not the thing that's going to drive results for your clients. Um and then like you just aren't able to to sell and and onboard and things of that sort. The other thing too is like we infinitely got better as a agency the more customers we got, you know, like >> Yeah. >> because you just run to so much repetition and it's like you're doing the same thing over and over and over again and you're able to identify like the bottlenecks and identify like what could be improved or what could be better from just like customer feedback. It's like you can't really improve when you're just taking on one client a month because you just don't have that reputation to figure out what what's like you know what's going on. So I think like those are some of the things I think about when I think about small agencies. >> Dude, I liked that a lot. We're not at your level. We just did 110K and we're we're new there. Um, we're which you're happy about. We're a bit more boutique. We have a little bit less clients. But one thing I would 100,000% agree is when you don't have enough customers, you just don't know what works too. Like you just don't have enough data. You don't have enough to look at and it becomes very hard. Also, even on a budget side, when you don't have that many clients, you don't want to test that many things. And that limits you a lot. >> I I agree. Like, dude, like right now, we literally have cuz we've worked in like pretty much every space you could think of. We have like a little spreadsheet with every single industry with every single offer that we could run inside of there. And it's like, you know, target here, >> copy here, like things to do, things not to do. And it's like our chance of success is a lot quicker because we have all that like kind of built out. Um, so yeah, I think like repetition is one thing that's huge. I think like there's like an infinite infinite other things. I think the other thing too is like a lot of people are a little too emotional. So it's like >> Yes. >> You know, they're just not like like, you know, a client's upset and and it derails their entire two weeks, right? >> They just like are so emotionally tied into that and it's like you got to zoom out, right? Like does this client actually have a good offer? Is this client actually a good person? Is this client actually winning outside of you? Cuz like it doesn't matter what agency owner you are, you cannot sell a bad product, you know? It's like yes, you can get results, but it's infinitely harder, you know? And so like you can't really tie yourself down and and beat yourself up when your when your client results are what I would say like not great especially if you feel like you're doing all the fundamental things that you know your other clients are seeing success with you know and so that's like another thing too I think like they just get boggled down um and then they just try to do everything themselves. So they're doing sales, they're doing fulfillment, they're doing ops, they're doing development, they're doing it all. So like you know you got to figure out and hire and delegate really well too. So, those are some of my learnings on the agency side for sure. But, you know, I'm still still really early in the game. I mean, we're both so young, so I still have like so much more to learn, you know, and so that's what I'm really excited for. It's like, okay, I'm excited for when I'm like 40 to 45, the other 20 years, whether it's in the cold email space or whatever, whatever other space it is, like these learnings are just going to compound. And it's like at 45, like we'll be some like seasoned vets in the space, you know? Um, and so that's what I'm excited about, >> dude. Now that you mentioned long-term stuff, I I had to ask you, would you ever sell Leadbird? And if you would, what would have to be like the perfect acquisition offer for you to even consider it? >> Dude, you you know, I've thought about it. Um, I don't think I ever would sell it. For one, I I don't think anyone would buy it truthfully, and and the reason why is because it operates in kind of like a gray hat space. Um, it also is like like the the reason why Leeward has really good margins and it's because and like has a lot of like what I would say is like ops efficiencies is because we own so many companies that are like adjacent in our space that kind of like supply things like for example stupid example but like scrubby right like yeah Leeird still pays scrubby but it's not paying the list pricing that everyone else is paying you know it's like we have like these a lot of these like tiny little things that really give it uh a lever above and I think like whenever anyone looks to buy those type of companies they look at that as like a certain level of risk because like you know what if we don't get scrubby for that same price going forward like how does that kind of hurt my margins I also think that like lead is one of those things where it it just cash flows extremely heavy cuz I'm like you know the sole founder like I would have to get a ridiculous you know exit and I don't think any agency is is going to be trading at that multiple Um, and so yeah, I think for me it's like strictly like a cash flow play. Take as much as I can, dump it into like more safe alternative investments, and then just keep doing this for for, you know, 20 years plus. Um, and that's that's the that's the path in my eyes. >> I like that a lot. That's a very legit answer as well because most people be like, "No, offer me this." And I'll be down for it, but then you know there's something going wrong in the back end most of the time. So >> yeah, >> dude. My favorite thing is whenever people are like talking about like acquisitions and then like they just say that they got acquired, but they don't say anything else about it. And I'm like, uh, there's something going on here. [laughter] >> What they don't mention is the terms ever, ever, ever, ever. It's like >> it's like a fail on CrossFit in the next 24 months. >> Like, yeah. No, exactly. It's literally deals like that. I don't know. It's It's funny. There's There's so much that goes behind the scenes that people don't realize. people really only see the headlines and like that's it, you know, and I don't know, it's just funny and I mean I'm you've seen it as well. It's like there's so many people that have come in and out of the space like crazy. Uh and so I don't know it's just funny to see it. I I do feel like kind of like an uncle in the sense of like seeing all this for the last like five six years, but everything just like repeats itself. We've seen it all over and over and over again. Every year everyone's like Kodim is dead. Kodim is dad deliverability update. Yeah. Go crazy. And that's why whenever anyone's like, "Oh, we built this new tool that does this, this, and this." I'm always just like, "All right, let's see it." Like, you know, I never have my expectations high. >> There is barely ever a disruptive tool out there. Instantly was kind Instant and Smorty were kind of like that. They were a bit disruptive, but apart from that, dude, I cannot think of any. >> Oh, yeah. No, I I agree. I I do think though one thing that is has been really cool though is and and Instantly was kind of like the I would say like the originators of it. Yeah, it was the the purchasing inboxes straight from the platform. I think that was so genius. That was such a good play by them. Like that was such a hundle IQ play like crazy crazy kind of like thing. Um and and and yeah, seeing all like the new inbox resellers, info providers and all that. It's been cool to see. I mean, I think a lot of it is kind of like shenanigans here and there, but for the most part, it's also been like huge for us as well. Um and yeah, it's just it's cool to see around. But yeah, like I think what I love about this space is that it's growing so fast and there's so many people joining in left and right. Um, and just seeing all the new opportunities and tools and things popping up, it keeps me like fresh on my toes. Like I'm learning so much every day uh through all these like providers and stuff and and whatnot. So yeah, that that's always been cool. That is very interesting. I had one note that's a tip for people that are listening, but we do this a lot is we don't only pay attention to the big dogs and what the big dogs are doing, but what people behind us are doing because they are the most clever. They're the ones really trying to make a point that they found a new strategy or something that's going to work. Um, and there is so much from these new people that are coming into Cozmo that's very interesting and that has been very helpful. Um, dude, let's talk more about the leadboard. Dude, you launched a new offer that I thought was genius. It was the self-launch offer. Um, I thought it was really clever and um, like you want to share with people like what it is about, how does it work? >> The thing that was just so smart, dude. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I appreciate it. So yeah, like kind of like I mentioned, so we've had always a ton of tools on our back end that we've used for our agency to streamline our flow. I think like that's what makes us a little bit different than most agencies is like we have our backend super scalable. Like I could legitimately get, you know, 100 customers tomorrow and we'd be completely okay with onboarding them. The only thing that would delay and drag is like the amount of onboarding calls our team would have to run. But like, you know, making sure the tech is set up, making sure that, you know, we could sufficiently scrape all the leads and do all that stuff, like it's that that's cake. Like, we've been able to do that year in year out. And so, the the bottleneck that we had though was we run a paper lead offer. And sometimes there's a lot of clients where they either we we don't feel strong about their offer or uh they're just a little too early on. We find a lot of companies that book sales calls with us, they have under 15 employees. like a paper lead offer usually doesn't make sense for them because they're just smaller and they're more of like a startup and they just won't have the budget to spend on leads and so um you know we used to disqualify them sometimes we would take them on and it would make our lives hell. Um and and so then it it like you know the next necessary thing was like and and honestly truthfully we like we kind of copied from uh Liskit's cold email setup offer as well. Shout out Liskit, Daniel, all the guys there. Um, they were running a cold email setup offer and I was like, "Oh, because I mean I've seen people run cold email setup offers for years." I think like I don't know if you guys remember that, but like Joel Kaplan like way back in the day. He used to run >> way back in the day offer. >> Yeah. He was probably like one of the first people doing it. Um, >> and there's like a whole bunch of other guys that have been doing it for years, you know? I think like Sergeari like he used to run a a setup offer. >> Um, things of that sort. And like I've always felt like that was a little like people have always been selling it and people were selling it for ridiculous amounts like 10,000 plus. And like that didn't make any sense to me because I was like this doesn't cost that much. And like yeah, it's kind of at a net negative for the customer to do that. And like what does the customer want? They want to be able to have an easy predictable way to launch campaigns without having to do, you know, all the work and having to have anyone hire it. So we basically built inside of Smart Lead a way for people to literally just copy in a sales navigator link or um an Apollo search link, put in their copy, and then just click launch. And then we'll take care of doing everything on the back end. scrape the leads, verify the leads, separate out the catchuals, format the company name, um format the titles, things like that, and then draft a campaign for you. And then like we're working with Hypertight as well, so they actually are giving us their API to basically spin up inboxes as well. So like you basically get a fully drafted campaign in under two hours with all you all you have to provide is like the first link and then the copy. And then to even help further like we will even have like our team provide like the first three campaigns worth of copy. So then you really just have to copy and paste it into the tool and that's it. Um, and that's that's been a it's been really good help. Like we'll price it at like 500 bucks a month, so it's like super super cheap. Uh, people are able to send 10,000 emails off of it, reach out to about 5,000 net new leads every month. Um, and I felt like there was a good, you know, balance between being able to reach that many leads, get all the infra, all the sequencer leads, personalization, all that done for them. Um, and and it's been good. Like the learning curve I have had with it though is that we're kind of running this a little bit more like a SAS. >> Yeah. And the SAS there's just a huge learning curve. Some people just don't know cold email and and then you just have like a really really good built out like process to make sure they see success and like that's something we're learning still to this day. Um and so yeah but yeah overall great offer to run and it's been uh pretty successful. the the drilling in something you said earlier. If you were to tell this to Nick Abraham three years ago, he'd be like, "What? Launching in two hours? The hell?" >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, literally. Literally. Um, but yeah, I'm I'm happy I read it though cuz like the other thing we're learning is that kind of to touch on your point, right? Like it's interesting cuz like you know, we have a way of running our campaigns, the way we run our signatures, some of like the lines we use. And some of our customers like they'll come up with some creative stuff that like this is atypical to a cold email and it's driving great results. And so like to be able to see that and be like, "Oh like why are we not doing that in our campaigns?" Like that's against our belief of how we write the email, but like yeah, it kind of looks good here and it's working, you know? And so it's like that's been another thing that I've really loved from the cool email setup offer is just seeing like how customers run it as well. Uh because it's just different from what we would do. >> That is dope, dude. You're probably already doing this, but this is something I started doing recently, and I'm really in love with the results. So, we shifted from doing forms for our on boarding to doing uh talk to AI for the on boarding. So, here's what we're doing. We train an AI model that is like literally meant to ask questions to the customer. So, customer says, I work with this ICP. It's like, oh, what within the ICP that works? What of those are buying? Da da da. And it extracts all of these crazy amounts of information out of the customer, including ideas for campaigns. And then it creates an onboarded document for our team. And dude, >> I love that. >> The amount of extra data we are getting is insane. Our campaigns are just so much better because of that. Um, no, I don't know if you've been playing with that, but dude, it's huge. I I have it, but that's a beautiful idea. And I think like you're spot on. A lot of times like when you give an onboarding form like they'll answer to the best of their abilities but like you do need someone to be able to poke and extract the extra info from them cuz it's like you know someone might put in their their ideal target market is SMBs right then it's like okay if we look at your entire target like you know your customer base what kind of SMBs oh lawyers okay and then you said your product does this okay like what does it do specifically for the lawyers oh it does this okay what are the you know then it's like you can build an offer so that's that's that's amazing I love that, >> dude. It's It's been game changer. Then I ask you also about the sales calls, like what on sales calls are people most curious about and then you're getting all of the things that they're looking for, right? And um man, it's been a game changer. It's been a game changer. It's really interesting. And another thing that it's done that I think you'll appreciate way more than we do because you have 200 clients that you will run be able to run this on is it eliminates the the need of a call to get all of this information extracted. And that's like 30 minutes, 1 hour extracted out of every single client that you need each on board and have a call with to get the details. >> The other thing, one of the things we've been doing on the call side that's been helping a lot is Yeah. I mean, all of our calls, we run it in a like a very similar format, right? So, like our onboarding calls, like, you know, first five minutes, intro, getting into a deck, going into the sequence, opening of the there's like a format that we follow on Zel's calls, onboarding calls, check-in calls. And so what we did recently is basically make it to where Fathom every recording it sends it to a prompt where it checks to see if it ran the format and where things fell apart and like identify like issues >> and then it tags the manager. And so then like any call that like falls outside of like what we want it to be and if there was like you know maybe you know client upset or anything of that sort or a red flag of any sort like it gets popped out immediately to us and then it's like we're able to stay on top of those things a little bit quicker and just like solve them quicker and that was like something that I thought was like game changer for us all the way through. >> Denius and I just thought about it now you can do data mining as well. You can like compile a big database of all of those calls that you had and look for like holes in the overall structure and organization structure of it. That's crazy. >> Yeah. No, I dude I think like one of the biggest things right now and and a thing that's going to be huge in the next three or five years is like all the companies that could figure out how to like store and refresh and accumulate all this data uh of their company, their employees, their processes and store them in like some kind of database format. It could just literally be an air table. Yep. you'll eventually be able to train like I think AI models and agents and things of that sort and get them to be like just as good as a human if not or be like a really intelligent assistant all the way through because now it has like the context and the data and and all that from the last like 5 years which I think is like massive. So that's you know we've been collecting data for like two years in a really structured format and I can't even wait till like the next like five years of doing that because it's going to be like you know next level stuff. Insane dude you just migrated over to air table right you were in notion before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we were we were when we first started talking we were definitely a notion head cuz I just love the UI of notion but uh my CTO redpilled me into using air tableable and we migrated to air tableable maybe like two years ago but that was like that then there's like certain parts in our agency journey where I was like oh this changes everything you know and switching to air table was one of those like aha moments where I was like oh this changes everything for us everything. that one thing that's cool about air table that we've been doing in all of our processes is logging every single thing that gets teched or checked or edited and then give all of that to AI for data mining and figuring out like what are some inefficiencies here what is going wrong in this process what is taking way too long blah blah blah and dude that level of insight has been super helpful to us because we understood all of the bottlenecks and it's like air table just logs everything for you either way no reason not to do it >> oh dude I I'm I'm using AI for like everything like everything that you could possibly imagine I'm I'm using it for Even yesterday, like I this is super random. I saw someone post this and I was like, you know what, let me try this. Um, and I was just going back and forth with AI on like doing like a psychology analysis of like where I'm weak mentally. Uh, and it's given me some good feedback, you know, and good loops and things of that sort and I was like, "Wow, this is amazing." But like even like cuz I dude, I'm I'm we're both so young. It's like we still haven't developed like the true like what I would say are like the the leadership qualities and aspects of running a massive organization. like I'm messing up every single day and I'm happy because like I'm learning but there's so many things where I'm like hey tattoo like how would you handle the situation like what are the ways you would think about this and like it it gives you a really good answer and then it helps guide me to be a better leader and like there's just so many things like that even like like with tax related items like how do I like not spend as much on tax and what are some things I should look into like it gives me a really good plan and I'm like huh like I didn't think about this let me ask my CPA about this so yeah I'm I'm dude I'm in chat all the And my girlfriend's always like, "Who are you talking to?" I'm like, "JBT cuz I'm just sending voice notes all day long inside the app." >> But it is great. And when we started doing this for client success management team, that's where we saw like a huge compounding effect of better project management. It's like when they came in and they're like, "Hey, I'm having this issue. This person I'm having to keep accountable. This is what I'm doing every single day. Blah blah." And GPT is like, "You're doing it all wrong." And then it's like all of these things that you could be doing, it's sad. And then we saw our teams just performing much much better. And that had a compounding effect because things were doing getting done way before deadline >> and it was like, "Oh we just unlocked a completely new game and it was CHP generated. It's crazy." Yeah. And even like on the cold email side like Yeah. We'll tell like my team like uh sometimes I'll write a sentence like maybe a little funky or just like it's pieced together a little weird cuz it's like in a different space that they just don't understand yet. Yeah. And I'm like and we'll be on like our live copyrightiting calls. They like take that sentence, go open up JBT and ask to write it in 10 different ways. Yeah. And then it pops out 10 different ways and I'm like, "Okay, which one out of here looks better than the one you wrote?" And they're like, "Oh, this fourth one right here." And I'm like, "Bam, there we go. Now we have a better written sentence, you know?" And so there's just like there's an infinite way of doing things now that I'm just like, "Yeah." Like I I was telling one of my friends this recently. I was like, "Dude, I think I'm doing 3x the amount of work right now than I did like maybe a year and a half ago because of AI. because like I'm just able to do things so much quicker. Like some, you know, sometimes you need to like kind of sit there and process the idea and think about the like the decisions and like what's the right way forward. It's like dude, you could just go to CH like get like 15 different ways to tackle this. Think about what's the best way. Talk about it a little bit and and have an idea and and a way forward within 10 minutes versus like maybe the two to three days it would take before. And I think like that's like crazy. >> Yeah, that that's another hack that you just mentioned right there. you get like it to brainstorm, not to just try to solve it. So you get like a bunch of solutions to look at and then now you're way more informed about the decision. Another thing, by the way, we talked about the line that you do in cold email. One thing I found very helpful called email scripts is asking GPT to act as the most critic person on earth and then for it to critique everything and then we find a lot of gaps in the believability. It's like, oh, you mentioned these numbers, but what does it actually mean? >> And then we prove that and it's like, oh wow, this performs way better now. So >> I love that. I love that. >> Yeah. No, we were we were thinking of Yeah. Like we we got to do more things like that like and then that's like the small things where when it comes to prompting it makes such a difference, you know? Um cuz usually we'll just go straight into it where it's like, you know, identify this campaign is good or not versus like saying like, hey, you know, you're the biggest critique in the world and all that stuff. So that's that's a that's a really good advice. >> Yeah, it is pretty interesting, dude. I think this this podcast right here is probably the most valuable Kimo asset that people can watch right now. Uh, it is pretty cool. Now, what about the people that liked everything and they want to find you, want to work with you, where can they find you? >> Well, before you try to find me, you find Felipe, you're still very new to the content game. I'm excited to see you like kind of take over on the content side cuz like your stuff is I mean, even for me, like you've always been that guy where I'm like, if I have an issue, I'm like, let me get Felipe's opinion on this because it's always like another frame of thought and it's not just like the typical stuff you'll see on like the cold email content side of things. Um, so yeah, definitely go follow yourself first. Go find all of Fu's content. Stay in tune, but then after that, come look at my stuff. It may be a little bit more generic, maybe not as nice and cut, but it's still there. I'm consistent with it. Uh, but yeah, you can look up Nick Abraham 12 and I'll pop up everywhere, dude. Hell yeah. And I appreciate that note, by the way. And everyone definitely go check out Nick on Twitter, on LinkedIn. Those are the two places that I follow you the most and I really like the content. But also, I got to shamelessly plug your SAS company, which is Scrubby, which we use a lot and we got very good results with it. I posted just something on uh on LinkedIn the other day about all results from using uh catch emails and it was e reacts more leads because most people don't contact them. See it's funny too uh I said this earlier too. So we I posted literally maybe like two days after another one of our like catch all kind of like hey email your catchalls and I was like dude Felipe just said this like a couple days ago. I was like dude he he 100% thinks I'm copying his stuff right now. But >> so that is hilarious but it is a fantastic tour and um yeah dude I appreciate that Nick. I appreciate you so much hopping on man. This was very fun. Perhaps we do a second round at some point. >> Oh yeah, we have to do a lot of you have to. When the next crisis hits, send us your questions and me and Philippe will answer them. >> We'll be back. All right. Thank you so much, man.