# saas-cold-email-playbook

**Author:** nick-abraham
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx9j6XyrUGY
**Fetched:** 2026-06-15T19:43:33.353Z

---

They just hit $800,000 in MR in under 2 years of running the company. And what they're doing is >> Nick, how's it going, man? Welcome to the SAS Hassi. How you doing today? >> I am excited to be here, man. I've been watching you from the sidelines and I'm I'm excited to talk about SAS, >> dude. Right back at you. I've been I've been watching you since like the the early days of Driffy. I've been I've been tracking Lead Bird. You guys have like I've I've always looked up to the way that you've done marketing. So, it's it's great to have you here today. Oh, >> I appreciate that. I I don't consider myself like a marketing like kind of like goat or guy in any capacity, but hey, if it's working, it's working. >> Yeah, you're up there in my book. You're up there at my book. I think uh I think a great way to get started is for you to give the listeners a little bit of background um about yourself um we were talking before we started the recording about all the tools that you built. You've built a ton of super impressive stuff on both the agency and the SAS side. So, give a little the listeners a little overview of like where you've come from, what you built. >> Yeah, absolutely. So, not a developer by any means. So, if you're a developer, I am not technical, so you'll probably hear me mess up a ton on explaining different things about SAS, but I built an agency about give or take 5 years ago. We're right now at 200 clients. It's called Leap Bird. We're B2B Legion agency. We basically help our customers generate leads through cold email. And while building the agency, there was so many tools that we were using and like a huge tech stack that we're leveraging for our customers. And so, we started building a lot of that tech stack internally. And then eventually at a certain point I was like, you know what, we could probably sell this to other friends that because, you know, I documented my entire journey. I've been talking about growing the agency for the last 5 years. There's a lot of guys that have, you know, built their agency off the content that we've been putting out. And I was like, you know, these guys would love to use these tools, right? And so we put some of them out. A lot of them have failed. A lot of them have, you know, not hit product market fit. And some have done really well. And so, you know, we run a collection of different a or different SAS companies uh sitting around across all of them around 5,000 monthly active users. Um, and you know, I hope some of them really take off. I hope we can, you know, successfully exit a couple of them. Um, but yeah, that's that's basically it. Basically just built a whole bunch of SAS companies off of the idea of our agency and the tools that we were using in the agency. >> Yeah. Do you want to give a quick overview of what the specific SAS companies are? the ones that you I know there's some that you want to talk about and some that you don't want to talk about. So like let give the give the listeners a quick run out of the the names of the ones that um you want to talk about kind of like what they do and what their their current scale is. >> Yeah. Yeah. So uh we run Scrubby. It's the first catchall validation tool. And this one's actually kind of funny, right? So uh whenever we built this SAS before we even built it, we wanted to validate the idea that people would actually pay for it. And so what Scrubby does, it's a catch all verifier tool. So, um, you know, if you have a catch all email, most people just throw them out of their list. They don't prospect into them. And, you know, that's in gold, right? A lot of these contacts don't get emails pretty often. And the only way you could do a catch all verification is really if you send an email to that email account and see if it bounces or not. If it doesn't bounce, then you know it's an active email and that you can actually send into it. And so uh what we did before we automated the entire back end of being able to mass scale email, you know, mass generate email accounts, send it to the the catch alls and see if it bounces back or not is we just do it manually. And so we built a front end uh where users could just upload their catch all list and we would on the back end just execute it manually. And I think we made our first 50 to $60,000 in revenue before we actually built it into a true SAS. Uh, and I thought that was like hilarious cuz like people thought we were automating it, but in reality like we're just doing it manual and we were just literally trying to see like, hey, would people pay this premium price to validate their catch all emails. That's the one that most people know me for. We built other ones like Quick Lines AI. We were the first people in the market to run like personalized pulled emails at scale and so you could upload a lead list and then it would personalize each email. We exited for uh exited to Mailshake about a year ago, not for any huge amount, and I'm pretty sure they shelf the product, so it's not anything like super fun to talk about. Uh but what I learned from running that company was product market fit is everything. Um and what that tool was for the most part was just a feature and it wasn't the main thing. And it's like one of those things in in the cold email arsenal, it's like a nice to have type of thing. And so it's like most people suck at cold email. if they ran the cold email and they have a really bad offer, it doesn't matter if they write handwrite the emails and make it super personalized, they're just not going to get results. And so our churn rate was horrendous and there was literally no way we could figure out how to make the platform sticky. And so when we got the opportunity to get rid of it, we're we were super happy to do so. Funny enough though, we did run an LTD on it and that was I think the second company I've ever ran that was able to hit $100,000 in a singular month. Um, and like it was cool because we're able to figure out the math behind uh how to make the LTD be extremely profitable and and kind of how to how to build that. And so that was that was super fun. Lots of learning mistakes running that company, but you know, that's that's that's the journey. That's how we grow. And then, you know, I've had a ton of other ones that have failed. Uh, I've ran an email platform similar to Smartly before Smart Lead came out. Did that for almost a year. Spent a lot of money on it. And it was and we were using it the agency it was working but like once we started you know selling it to other customers I realized that Pogg SAS is extremely tough and if you can't knock down like that that UI and just like that easy to use app kind of feel it's just so hard to manage the support on the back end cuz customers are like hey how do I use this thing and you try to explain it to them in the chat support and it just doesn't work right and so uh lost a lot of money there but it was a great learning lesson honestly and um yeah that's That's basically most of the companies. We run a couple of other like scrapers that a lot of like uh big data players use uh for their back end. And so yeah, that's basically a quick rundown of all the different companies that we're running. >> Awesome. I'd love to dive into a little bit more of this idea of the the PLG SAS. And I know you you have some strong opinions and I think we're kind of maybe a bit opposites here in terms of our in terms of our strength where I love getting into to building the UI and thinking about how to >> build a SAS that can you know assist the users through through how to use it. Um but it sounds like that may have been kind of the main failure mode of the of your your email sequencing tool. What was what would you think was the hardest part about you know building a SAS that that can achieve uh product productled growth? Yeah, I think like so there's there's a couple things there. Uh so I think like from a let's think about like financials, right? It's extremely hard to acquire users profitably whenever you're selling a subscription that's monthtomonth at $100 per month or less in ticket price. And I would say most PG SASes are in that uh bucket. And you know when you're first starting out, you're bootstrapping something like cash is everything. And you know, could I go acquire 50 users? Sure. Absolutely. that are each paying me h 100 bucks a month, you know, so $5,000 in MR. Or could I just go find two to three customers at an agency that I'm, you know, charging $1,500 a month, $2,000 a month for and hit that same MR with way less work. Absolutely. And so that's where it kind of like was different for me. What I really love right now though, cuz like I don't think the solution and the the answer to like a really scalable business model is like, you know, run an agency cuz agencies are hard. It's really operationally complex to deliver for a ton of customers. And I don't think, you know, running a PLG month-to-month growth or sorry, month-to-month like subscription and and you know, under $100 per month ticket price is like the answer either. You know, I've seen a lot of new companies and I love this model. It's like the hybrid. And I I think a good example of this is like list kit. So they're a a B2B data SAS company. I don't run it, not uh involved with them at all, but really good friend of mine, Daniel Fazio, he runs it. And they just hit $800,000 in MR in under two years of running the company. And what they're doing is on the back end where they're running their ads. Um they're running it all to a different type of offer. And the different type of offer is like they're going to basically set up your cold email funnel for you. And so they'll uh charge you about $1,500 to get everything set up from the infrastructure side. And then they're acquiring users at break even and uh getting them at like a $500 to $1,000 per month subscription to use the data platform because whenever you have that email email infrastructure built out to send that much volume, you need data. And so I think like running that kind of model where it's like you're collecting and you charging a lot more upfront to do a little bit more work and then having like your backend monthly deliverables be automated is like the best business model that I've seen. It's just like the most scalable in my opinion. You know, it kind of gets like the the pros of the agency. Yeah. But still running that SAS. So yeah, I think that's that's what I love. >> I could actually speak like directly to that. So, we're actually implementing the same thing at Drippy currently. Um, and we just had the best 7-day period in terms of revenue that the company has as seen as in history. Running the same type of offer where we're running ads to a setup offer for Drippy essentially. Um, where just like we we do basic setup for your your cold XDM outreach. Um, our my co-founder Alex has been working directly with with Bazio to to set up set up the system and it's like it's already it's already killing it for us. So, I think yeah, I think that's it's a great route. Um, and it it definitely, like you said, it it creates the best of both worlds. Like you get you can get the growth um of just like having that that marketing funnel that you're liquidating immediately and then you're also on the back end retaining the the MR and like creating that kind of enterprise value of of a SAS. It it's uh it's interesting too because it's like there's very few people and really a tier marketers in my opinion that can run profitably run ads at cool traffic and acquire users profitably on like a PLG model where it's like you know running it straight to like a $97 per month subscription. It's like extremely hard and and the only reason you see a lot of like, you know, VC backed SAS companies run, you know, heavy on paid advertising is because they can afford to burn money for 6 months and then retain a user and become profitable. And it's like when you're bootstrapped, you just can't. And so that's why I've always been like less of a fan of a the PG model after running it, you know, for for the last couple years, you know, and and it's funny because like, you know, we've ran so many of these PG SASes and like I keep kind of trying to like figure out like why is it not breaking like that 50 to 70K per month mark, right? Like it's just so hard for me to get past that and and and I kind of look at it and I'm like, dude, our churn is just like abysmal. It's too high. Uh, and at this price point, it's really hard to lock in people and and everything we're in, like in the space we're in, which is like Legion, and I'm sure you see this on Trippy, like churn is naturally going to be higher versus like, you know, what you're now building, which is like a tool where it's it's, you know, people are going to stay on once they set it up. Um, and so, yeah, I think that's that's kind of how I think about it. Yeah, that's that's definitely something I was very thoughtful about um this time around where it's just like I think in my in my head when I first started drippy I was just like okay once you have MR like that MR is just going to be forever and it like could not be any any any farther from the truth like our our turn rate at drier is is super high and like like you were saying like you just hit this point at like I it depends on on the size on the type of business or what your actual turn is but like maybe it's around 50k MR where it's just like we're adding 20k new MR per month but we're also just losing the same amount of churn and we can't grow at all. Um, so that's something I was I was pretty thoughtful about like how do I >> this time around how do I avoid that problem? Now I'm realizing like there's new problems that come with building a business that is is low churn. Um, maybe it's harder to find users. I'm I'm just getting started and and figure out what those problems are going to be. Uh, but yeah, it's it's it's a it's a fun journey. Um, I think maybe a good thing to dive into, um, an area that I know you're you're an expert in is is is lead genen. So, right now for Flywheel, which is my my new company, um, I've just started doing cold emailer outreach and cold X outreach. Um, I'm trying to find an offer that works. Um, I think I would love to like maybe like selfishly use this as kind of like a consulting call and and and and see how uh I can I can get things up up and running. So maybe the the best way to get started is I I told you a little bit before about what Flywheel is. Um how would you think about building an offer that works for pulled email um for a business like like Flywheel? Um you're someone who I think runs businesses that would be Flywheel's ideal customer. So I think you'd be you're you're super qualified to to help you out with this. >> So I think uh the best way to run this cuz it's it's one of those that are super hard uh it is definitely a harder offer to crack on cold emails. I think what I would do is I would build a list of and and correct me if I'm wrong, like you're uh running a complete Pog, so it's like, you know, monthto-month subscriptions on this as well. >> Yeah, exactly. It'll be month subscriptions. I'm actually playing around the with the idea of trying to build out some sort of setup offer um and seeing if I can get that funnel to work. I'm I'm totally open to to doing that as well. Um, maybe to give you some context of of what my my current offer that I'm offering is is in the cold email is is that I'm basically saying, hey, if you don't have um event driven email sequences set up for your SAS yet um that are helping users onboard, helping make make sure they activate and then helping trying to win them back after they churn. Um, I'll set that up completely for free for you. That's I mean I feel like the best place to start is is just something for free trying to get people to reply. Like that's that's my goal, right? >> Yeah. And I think that's really great. So I would take it a step further. I think where you win is in the data enrichment side of things. So I would build a massive list of SAS companies. Funny enough, my friend Eric Noki, I think he built the largest data set of SAS companies uh just from running his agency. I think it's literally linked to his YouTube channel, but it'll have a list of, you know, 250,000 SAS companies on there. And what I would do is take a huge portion of it that fit like your I, you know, ICP. So it's like someone that, you know, probably is above 10 in headcount. um has like a certain amount of certain amount of monthly traffic to the site, so they actually have users. Uh cuz like I don't think anyone would really get too much use of your tool unless they actually had users. And then um what I would do next is basically use Clay to examine each website and find the technographic data on their site. So you could see if they do already have uh installed something like, you know, Active Campaign or any of like those typical I don't even what are some of the the competitors in the space like customers.io IO I think is one of them. >> Customer.io is probably the the biggest player in the space and they're kind of a newer entrant is maybe like loops um loops.io. >> So I would examine all these sites and see if they have it on there. And if they don't then like I would segment that list and run you know cold email where it's like hey I noticed that you're not leveraging any you know um nurture self-signup type >> uh whatever. I I don't know the the the the verbiage to use in this stuff but something of that sort. and then you know I'd love to set it up for free whatever whatever and kind of run back that cold email. I think that's a really good angle that would hit and then I think you could do the opposite where it's like you know if they are using something like loop or customer.io uh basically emailing them saying hey I noticed that you're using customer.io for your, you know, user engagement flows, whatever. And then talk about, you know, what makes you better or what options you have that most customers come back to you and say like, "Hey, this is why I transferred." >> Um, and then make this ETA like, "Hey, um, you know, would you be interested in me showing you like a quick video of the functionality that you're missing out on inside of customers.io?" So, I think that's like an easy way to to win. And then you could keep going further. So like then you could go into built with you could just literally download a list of people that are using customers.io and like there's probably a ton of them. Um same thing with loop. And then another playbook that I love running is scraping a LinkedIn company pages followers. So we find this often if anyone is following a LinkedIn company page they're probably a customer of that company or they you know used to work there or they have a colleague that works there. So, we'll scrape the followers of a LinkedIn company page. We'll filter it a little bit to our ICP and then we'll run cold emails to them. And like I even have a video on my YouTube channel like we signed a customer at our agency within 7 days of the first email going out to them and it was just running that exact playbook, you know, and so, uh, I I think there's a lot of merit there to do and run that. But those are probably the three types of campaigns that I would I would run almost immediately. Um, another thing I love to do, and this helps like break cold traffic when I first start SAS companies, is I'll literally run manual DMs to some bigname companies that are in our space just to get them just to get a conversation going just so I can get something set up because I know that I'll be able to leverage their logo on our site as well as in the cold email. >> And you know, if you have a cold email and you're like, "Hey, I just worked with uh Paulo Alto to do X, Y, and Z." like everybody knows who Paulo Alto is in the cyber security space. Like they're immediately going to be like, "Oh, this guy's big time." And like that gives you such a huge edge when it comes to track cracking cold traffic. Um and so those are probably like all the different like playbooks I would run to get like the first like 50 to 100 users. Um the thing about cold emails when you're running a PG SAS though is it's extremely hard to scale outside your own efforts, right? So, it's like, you know, whenever you're you're kind of in that like let's say you've hit product market fit, things are scaling, cold email is really not going to make sense for you unless you have a higher ticket offer cuz like sitting and we used to do this all the time. Um, and it's good in the beginning stages cuz you get a lot of good feedback and you kind of figure out like what do people actually want and things of that sort. So, you can kind of go back and you know refix the product, reposition it, add different things in. Um, but sitting on a sales call for a $97 per month subscription that's month-to-month is it just you won't be able to hire Yeah, you won't be able to hire any kind of sales hire for that. You'll have to own it and then eventually you'll just say, "Hey, this funnel it may work, but it sucks. It's it's really hard uh to scale." And so, yeah, that's quick rundown on all that. >> So, long term, I think Flyable becomes it's like a $1,000 plus um average revenue per user customer. So, I think I think in the long term it'll make sense that we'll go we'll move up market. Um, and it'll make sense to have those those sales calls. I mean, if you're if your contract values are are minimum like 12K a year, then you can you can make that work. >> Totally worth it. >> Um, one thing that you mentioned that I want to kind of go back to, I guess two things I want to dive into a little bit deeper. Um, what I love the idea of of trying to find those, you know, those logos first. How would you go about approaching those larger companies differently? like what do you think you need to offer them to get them to kind of use a product that maybe is currently worse than competitors in in in some aspects? >> Um I've done one thing uh with flywheel is that we've built I think the best email workflow builder in the game um already I think like it's it's better than um it's better than intercoms. It's definitely better than customerios. It's better definitely better than loops but we're kind of missing some of those features that um that those competitors are offering. um just some things that we haven't built out yet like transactional emails and a number of other things. >> So, how would you kind of approach that? >> Yeah, great question. So, you know, if if we looked at like Loop or Customer.io's website right now, they probably have some like crazy logos on their site. Um, you know, I'm sure they probably have like someone like Ramp on there, right? And RAM is a company that has, you know, 500 plus employees. It's going to be super hard for them to just switch off of any technology that they're using just because it's so embedded into their product. And so I would probably go build my dream 100 around companies that have just raised their like first round because and that are are probably under let's say like 20 to 50 in headcount because they're still in that startup phase. They now have capital and like they've raised some amount of money. So they're probably like being looked at by a lot of people and given a lot of different eyes and they have like kind of that trajectory to grow. And I would probably just run manual DMs to them on LinkedIn to whoever is running their head of growth, head of marketing. Um, if they don't have that hire, literally the CEO himself, and I would literally tell them like, "Hey, look, I noticed that on your site that you guys don't use any kind of marketing automation tool." What What is the actual phrase for this? Like what what is the like what is the category it's on? I >> I guess like uh I think what does customer.ios call itself? Like customer I'm I'm blanking on I'm blanking on the word right now. Good. Okay. >> But I I would uh I would literally just hit them up. I'd be like, I wrote out your first >> customer engagement. Customer engagement. >> Customer engagement. Right. So, I noticed you're not running a or using any kind of customer engagement tools. I, you know, built something very similar to customer.io and loop, which I'm sure you've heard of. I went ahead and wrote out and built out your first, you know, 20 customer engagement touch points to to get them really engaged into your product. mind if I send it over? Right. >> Right. >> And and and literally put in the PS like PS, this is there there's no like no strings attached type of thing. Like this is you know, I'm not trying to charge you. I just want you to get into the product and I just want you to leverage uh you know the emails that we wrote. And like if I got an email like that, I mean I'm not you know a logo that you probably want on your site. We're not there yet. Um but if I got a DM like that I can get right now. I I I would I'd be interested because I'd be like, "Oh [ __ ] like you know, this guy already set up everything that, you know, I do need either way, so might as well just get this into the platform almost immediately." Um, and then from there, you know, bam, you got the logo, right? And so, yeah, I think that's that's kind of how I would run that. And yeah, just be like really diligent about like building your dream 100, which is just like, you know, really good clean logos that you can put on your site and just leverage. Like I I mean random company that comes off of my mind is like a lot of those AI SDR companies like Artisan uh 11X um what are the other ones that I think those are like the two biggest ones like I bet you both of those guys don't have any type of customer engagement type system set up and I bet you if you you sent DMs to them they would probably say yes and they're good logos to have on the site. Everyone is talking about RSN and 11X and I think 11X was like somewhat outed on Techrunch a couple days ago and so um like they're they're getting a little bit more eyes than usual. So yeah, I think that's that's how I would run that playbook. So are you actually if you're doing this, if you're me, are you actually writing the emails before you you contact them or are you just running a little arbitrage where you say, "Hey, I already wrote the emails and then like they reply and you're like, "Okay, now I'm going to write the emails and I'll send them over." >> I knowing me, I would probably do the latter, which is yeah, like once they get the actual reply, then do it. Uh, but like let's say you're doing follow-ups cuz they haven't replied to you. You know, if they're worth the account and I'm like, "Yo, this is the this this account. If I could win it, this is a good one." I might go ahead and just like write it out and then record a Loom video. And then be like, "Hey, you know, if if you're too busy for a call, I just sent this Loom video. Check it out. Let me know if you're interested." >> I think that that's good. That's a good balance between, you know, not doing too much work up front and >> Yeah. trying to be able to win them. I' I'd love to go back take a step back to what we're talking about with um the cold email outreach um and get really deep into like the kind of tools that you would use. So, one of the other things that you mentioned was um scraping the list of of followers of a company account on LinkedIn. What tools are you are you using there? How are you getting them into um you know your email sequency or what what is the best email sequencer on the market? What should I be using there? >> Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Great question. So, um, cold email now versus when I started is infinitely easier, but it's way more competitive. And so, that's why you have to come up with like better sequences. And so, um, the playbook that I always recommend to people when they're first starting out with cold email is use smart lead. Uh, that's a email sequencer built for cold emails. It has probably the best pricing to value ratio in this space. Funny enough, whenever V hit me up, which is their CEO, um, and that's whenever I was building my email tool and we were running it for the agency and so many things were breaking, I tried Smart Lead out and I was like, "Okay, I am just I'm going to completely dump this project that we probably spent like 60 to 70K a month, uh, 60 to 70K on and I am just going to tell V to build all the features that we had because like I need this for the agency." Anyways, um, I would use smartly. It's a brutal realization when you're like you're building something and then you like look at someone else building something and you're just like I don't think I can compete with that. >> Oh 100%. >> Yeah. Literally my first call I had with them I was like okay I give up. Like that's it. That's done. You know I was working on it for a full year. Anyways I would use Smartle. They have inside of their platform a thing called Smart Senders which actually automates. They use a whole bunch of different providers on the back end but um you basically can spin up email accounts automatically. I think that's the most tedious part about cold emails is like managing deliverability and infrastructure, but they'll set it all up for you and get it turned over in under four to 12 hours, give or take. So, now you have your your your email senders and your email accounts. Now, let's go get the leads. So, there uh there's a lot of different ways to get data. I always tell people when you're first starting off with cold emails, the thing you want to avoid is spending a lot of money on a big data license. And you know, you got to validate that the channel works for you. So, you know, you're able to generate interest, you're able to get calls booked, and you're able to actually close calls. Once you actually feel >> and figure out that system, then it's like, okay, let's go dump more money into this and scale it all the way out, get all the fancy tools and everything of that sort. But for data scraping, um, I always recommend Apollo to be like the base of, you know, all email scraping. It they just give the cheapest email and it's really easy to grab emails from there. um and it has a pretty wide set database to get the actual company followers. So, that method's a little bit um more tedious, but there's a lot of vendors out there that'll provide you a list in under 24 hours. Um some of the vendors off of my top of mind, there's like one that's called scrapefollowers.com, scrape.com, and then golden leads uh as well. And yeah, those are all the ones that I think provide company follower scraping. If you just Google like LinkedIn company follow scraping, you'll probably find like 10 different vendors now. Um, >> cool. >> Yeah. And so that's that's probably how I would go about it. And then when it comes to copywriting, my framework for it is always simple, short, direct, some level of personalization. And then the CTA, you always want to make it kind of like conversational and casual instead of like, hey, do you want to get on a sales call tomorrow? It's like, hey, like, can I send over this quick Loom video that shows what we built for you? Something of that sort. And then the name of the game is volume. A lot of people they send like a 100 emails and then they're like, you know, I didn't get a closed customer. I'm not a millionaire yet. And it's like you sent 100 emails. Like even if you had the absolute best reply rate, which is like, you know, 7 to 10%. That's 10 people that responded out of the 10 10 people that responded, you may have one person that actually says they're interested, which is like totally normal. But, you know, if you want to really scale, you got to send thousands and thousands of emails. and just the only thing you should be split testing as well is the offer. Um, and so yeah, that's that's like the the simplest playbook on cold emails, but it works. It works to get you your, you know, first handful of users and then you can figure out how to optimize and tweak it later down the funnel. >> Yeah, it's it's good to hear that. I think at least initially, it sounds like I'm on on the right on the right track. Um, essentially what I did is I um I I did one of the things that you actually mentioned earlier, which is I I used builtwith. Um, I scraped all the people who are using a tool called Post Hog, which is one of the integrations that we have. Uploaded those to Apollo, found the emails for those companies. Um, and I've been running running emails to that list. Um, and then the other thing I did is I there's a website called there's an AI for that.com and it's just like a a directory of of like AI startups. So, I built a manual scraper, scraped all those companies, um, found those emails and I've been sending out to them as well. Um, I think that the thing that I realized is I need to I need to get the volume up a little bit. What would you say is the the like just getting started? Like what's the minimum volume you should be doing just for like like try to figure out what's the what's the offer that works? Um is this going to work for me at all? >> I would say at the very minimum you want to be sending about 10,000 emails a month. You want to reach out to about 5,000 >> net new contacts per month. And that is a good place to start. And and just kind of speaking back on integrations as well. I think this is the most underutilized campaign for SAS companies. Like whenever we get any kind of SAS company that signs up with Leapard, the first type of campaign we always push for is those integration style campaigns. So if they integrate with any of these like different tools, being able to reach out to their customers just like you are with built with finding their customers and reaching out to them and literally saying, "Hey, we built an integration with Posttog that's going to allow you to do X Y and Z. I notice you're not using any kind of customer engagement tool currently. Interested in a quick demo and something like that like that that's always going to crush. The other thing I would also say is on copywriting, whenever you're smaller, you have such an advantage, right? When you're new to the market, you have such an advantage because you can do all the gimmicky like funny random personalization that a lot of these larger companies refuse to do because of brand reputation. So, it's like if you put in the PS something funky like PS uh you know, I'm 24 years old. This is my second startup and I am and I have no idea how old you I'm just assuming 24 25 around that age. >> 25. You got me. >> 25. Okay. 25. Um, if you just like say I'm 25 years old and I'm literally this is my second time building this up and and I uh I just want to get my first couple customers. So like I'm happy to do this and set it up for free. Let me know if you're interested. Something like that. Like just put something funny and gimmicky in there. Like dude, that'll crush too. Cuz like if you get an email from someone that's just like a >> like a hustler, a killer, right? Like I'm always down to help out. like if they need feedback and like they're not trying to charge me like dude I'm always open for a demo. Uh and so it's like I think things like that also will really work in your favor. >> Cool. Yeah, that's that's actually something I just I just updated my copy uh yesterday and that's one of the things that I put in just saying like >> like listen like I'm I'm just getting started. It's just me like I'm just doing it for free so I can you know get some feedback and and find my first customers. So I feel like that's something that I would respond to respond to personally. Going back taking a step back real quick to what you mentioned with the kind of brand partnerships. Can you dive a little bit deeper into that? I want to understand how that how that works like like can you give a can you give like an example of of one of those that you've done? >> So like when you say brand partnerships what what are you speaking about? >> Yeah. So when you were saying you were saying that you like with the with the integration partnerships. >> Understood. Yeah. Yeah. So um I I think like the the entire campaign on that one it's just cuz like so many people are looking for tools that integrate like if something integrates with or so let's say like our our CRM the CRM we use is HubSpot at our agency right? If someone emails me and is like, "Hey, we built a mobile enrichment tool that can enrich all the contacts inside your HubSpot CRM." Um, is that something you'd be interested in? Like, that's a no-brainer for me because it's like, "Oh, I don't have to, you know, pull it out of my platform and like I can still use my CRM and it integrates in there. So, I'm assuming that like I could just like one click enrich all my contacts in there with phone numbers." Like, that's the stuff that people love. And and nobody runs campaigns at scale like that. And it to me whenever I see a SAS company and they have like a massive integration page that's like oh this is going to be a this is gonna be a campaign that cooks because like we could just go grab each integration from built with each one of their customers find contacts at scale and run cold emails at volume where it's like hey we integrate with your CRM HubSpot we can you know enrich all your contacts in there with mobile numbers let me know if you're interested and it's like that's always going to print for the for the the forever. Okay. So, so for me that playbook is is looking like like scrape the Post Hog list and just be like, "Hey, we we built this tool that integrates directly with Post Hog. It's super easy to send event driven emails based on the events that you're already tracking with Post Hog and test that out." >> Yeah, exactly. Because, correct me if I'm wrong, Postto just tracks uh like what the user is doing. It doesn't send out the emails or anything for Right. >> Exactly. It's just it's just like Yeah. Yeah. like web analytics platform essentially brought up >> and the the key there to make the campaign really work is like you have to give them something that is just going to blow their mind. It's like it's like that thing that's like you know if I could do this through post hog I would absolutely crush right so it's like um I don't know post hog enough to be able to give you a really good example but like you know doing like the event drip emails like that's cool and all but what's that like next step where it's like oh hey whenever a customer is hovering or visiting the billing page more than three times we could enter them into a churn reduction flow that uh does this this and this like that now is like a example yeah exactly And and like that now is like you know hey if I'm having a high churn and you know I know that in postto if I see a customer visit the building page three times they're guaranteed a churn then like I need something set up right then and there right so it's like getting really granular into something that's super specific but super value driven versus just kind of doing like the gen generic like hey we can do event based triggers and marketing emails like get a very specific use case in there and that's how you really turn the head on it. Okay, I think I need to figure out like what that use case is and and yeah, figure out figure out that copy. >> And the best way to do it is just like run like six split tests on your email and just do a different like event trigger on each one of them and see which one's the one that's getting the most amount of replies. Like the data will speak on it. >> Cool. Yeah, I'm going to test that out like this month. Um, all right. So, for the emails, like so we figured out kind of like what that initial email should look like. What is your strategy in terms of of follow-ups after that initial email? Yeah. So, I'm and we figured I don't know why it took me so long to figure this out, but I'm I'm kind of like anti-f follow-ups for the most part in cold email. And I know a lot of people say like the money is in the followup and everything of that sort, but when we run and for for people listening like we send over 2 million emails a month for across all our customers and I would say a majority of all our positive replies, like probably like over 80% of all our positive replies happen on touch one, email one. and it just drops off tremendously after every touch point. And so I even think about it from my perspective when I get a cold email and you know I get a decent amount of cold emails when someone follows follows up with me four times in the same email thread it starts to get a little annoying right and you know and that's whenever I'm like >> spam report. >> Yeah. Exactly right. And so, uh, you know, it's funny. I actually never report anybody as spam cuz I I I believe in karma and I'm like, uh, they're going to get my customers emo spam. But I I agree with you. That's how most people are, right? And so >> I always recommend just doing a two-step sequence at most. And like you will have a much better chance of generating more leads the more contacts that you actually reach out to, right? The more net new contacts you reach out to. So, we put a lot more emphasis on reaching out to more net new contacts than we do about like, you know, following up with someone like four or five times. I think if you're running into a TAM that's extremely small, um, you know, you don't have like let's say you only have like 500 accounts in your TAM, then like I would say, you know, you have to kind of do the follow-ups, but I would recommend doing it in a new thread versus all in the same one. And then also making it to where you hit them across multiple channels versus just on email cuz I think that's like the the lazy way and it it kind of shows whenever you just like hit them every other day on just email. But in most cases, like most SAS companies that I see, they do have large TAMs. You have a large TAM. I have a large TAM. Like it's going to make much more sense to send two emails to a lot more contacts versus four emails. >> Cool. That's that's lining up exactly. I I asked I had Cody Snyder on with the the first episode and it's a basically the exact same advice he gave is just like dude like one followup just focus on on on hitting more people. Like that's what that's what's important. Um and then I think the kind of the last part of the the cold email strategy is is like inbox management once you're at scale. Um what are your strategies for making sure that you're a responding to people immediately and then b just like I know there's a lot that goes into it like like the the the deal is not one once you have a reply to a cold email. like what's your strategy for for winning as many of those deals as as possible? >> Yeah. And and you know, it's funny whenever we're running our PLG SAS and we're running our cold emails, um we actually try so hard not to have to do inbox management cuz like whenever you're doing an inbox management, like at our agency, it's like you're you're trying to book a call. And for a lot of our PG SAS, like I'm not I'm not doing a sales call for, you know, some of these like 97 per month subscription products. So like what I would say is like one thing that we built was we would literally just autocreate accounts whenever they got tagged. um as like interested in like cuz like most of our our CTAs are like are you interested in a free trial and whenever uh anyone would respond with that we would tag them and then it would go into our database create an account however that's done and we would just literally email them back the credentials as well as the the login page and be like hey look we already created an account for you go ahead and log in and play around we added you know x amount of credits to your account u let us know how it goes right and then that's how we just kind of get more users added to the app to just start getting going and like I think the product speaks for itself. If like you like the product, you know, they'll sign in and then continues to keep using it. If not, they don't. Um, but in terms of organization, I would say get a CRM. Make sure all your positive replies are syncing into their CRM and that you have some level of like a nurture sequence built out to either re-engage the lead. So, like for us, like the way I like to look at nurture is twofold. And I guess this is more for the agency and booking a call, which you're doing either ways right now, but it's like, >> yeah, >> for us, our sales cycle, we know that we're gonna we have like the highest chance of closing someone in the first 14 days. And so, as soon as a sales call is booked, they're put into a nurture sequence where it's sending seven emails over the 14 days, so almost every other day. Um, and it's just, you know, very social proof driven. And then after the 14th day, if we don't have them marked as like closed one inside of our CRM, we put them into a year-long nurture where it sends like a weekly email about cold email related items and things that we're doing. Um, and that's kind of like our entire process in your CRM. Sync all your inboxes in there. So then you can kind of, you know, be able to manage all the follow-ups and and replies through there. Um, when you're doing it at a small scale, it's much easier to do. So, like let's say you have sub 50 email accounts. It's easy to kind of do that. Right now, across all our customers, we're at like 83,000 email accounts. And so, uh uh it's it's really hard for us to do anything outside of use smart leads master inbox, which is also pretty good, but it's not it's not like the greatest. Um like I I prefer using >> featured CRM. >> Yeah, exactly. You know, and so like I like using the CRM to to do it if I was doing it internally. But yeah, that's that's kind of how I would go about inbox management, >> right? Yeah, that makes that makes a ton of sense. And then to those that that email sequence for like that first two week period that you're the that that nurture sequence what what like can you give me an example of like what some of those emails look like? I know you said it's social proof but just just to get a little >> Yeah. So for our agencies it's like uh like I think our first email in our um and and honestly if anyone wants to book a demo at le do that and you can kind of see the the tire flow. Uh just don't no show us. But the the the first email is it's it's literally it like what we say in there is something along the lines of like there's not a single other agency out in the space that has more social proof than us. And if you can find an agency that has more documented video testimonials than us, we'll buy your team lunch. And then it like links uh like our G2 or like all those things that kind of drive more social proof. So like our smart lead certified partner badge or all our video testimonials and then like u just like a whole bunch of things like that. So yeah, like it's just like really trying to solidify us as like you know, one of the the top tier cold email agencies in the world and and the next 14 days is just showcasing that. So, I think like the second one in there, uh, like the day two email nurture sequence, it's literally like, you know, why uh, top tier agencies or I think it's literally like something on the lines of like we're the second most replied to account inside of Smartle because our campaigns are so good. And then it's like a screenshot of their CEO telling us that we had in the last year the second most replies out of all 90,000 Smart Lead users. And so, just like more social proof and validation. I've done like webinars with like um Clay, Ocean, some of these like you know bigger SAS companies. And then it's also like you know this is why Leapird is uh a top tier cold email agency. We run uh you know webinars with billion dollar companies like Clay companies that have raised $10 million like Ocean things like that. So it's just like it's just really pushing the message of like social proof heavydriven u stuff. And so yeah, that's kind of how I do it. And funny enough, the way we go about writing these emails because I'm it's so hard for me to write out these marketing newsletter type emails, dude. I just literally open up Chatbt on my phone and I just speak to it and I'm just like, "Hey, I need help writing a marketing newsletter email. This is my idea for email one." And I'll just like speak about like what my idea is on it. Can you write an email like template for me? And then it'll pop it out and I'm like, "Oh [ __ ] this is pretty good." Uh, and then we just copy paste it and like >> dude like Yeah. Like whenever I redid ours this last week, what I thought was going to be like a 4-day, you know, venture, it was like a 4-hour venture and I was like, dude, AI is incredible, dude. It's so nice. Especially like like for me. So, one of the things I'm doing with this with this podcast is I essentially take each episode um and then I convert it into like a playbook. So, this this will kind of probably be like the the cold email like Legion playbook for for SAS. >> Um, but I just to get the first draft of that, I just take the transcript, I drop it in. I've been using Grock recently actually because I think the like the writing style sounds a little bit more natural like less like AI but I drop it in Grock and say here's the example of the last one. Um I just did this for the the previous episode and dude it spits out now that it has an example and the new transcript it spits out something that's almost ready to send. It's it's it's amazing. >> It's just helping me move so much faster. >> I No, I agree. I think like marketing like content is so much easier to push out now with a lot of these advancements. Like even with Cody like uh like he showed us like how to kind of go about like making a podcast at scale and being able to like disperse the like be able to clip it really easily, be able to make all the content to spread across all your socials, post it on YouTube, and then actually grow the newsletter list with it. >> And I was like mind blown. I was like, >> you're able to do what like used to take like a whole production team. Now, you could just have two really good VAS with really good SOPs, you know, you're paying under two grand a month and have like a full-on like consistent media company uh on top of your your your SAS and like that blew my mind and it's like I wish I had more time to like really make it really like good and diligent and stuff. Um, but yeah, like yeah, stuff like that just like blows my mind and and that's why I think like a lot of the stuff that's going to happen in the next like two years, it's all about just volume, you know? Like the person that's pumping out a ton more content right now is going to win. Obviously, the content has to be like above average, which I think is not super hard to do, but yeah, I think like volume is is the number one thing. That's why like we post on Twitter, LinkedIn, and now Reddit. Reddit's an interesting one, but we post like content about three times a day across all three of them um every single day. And we've done that for like the last year and that's been driven I mean that's driven a lot of lead flow across all the companies. >> Yeah. How are you thinking about generating that content? cuz I think I think one of the advantages of the the podcast in the first place is it gives you like a good >> core valuable thing to base the content off of because I think if you like just try to generate >> like just general content with AI like it's going to give you the most basic version of it. >> But I think having the having the podcast as a core and then using it like okay turn this this podcast into like these like four different other media assets. Um I think that's that's pretty advantageous. are you guys doing the same thing or or how are you thinking about that? >> And and I agree, right? Like you have to have real world experiences to be able to create good content. And so it's like if you're not building a business and wanting to hit your head against the wall and you're not solving hard problems, like it's really hard to create content. But when I first started posting on Twitter about 5 years ago, I would literally block out my Saturday mornings and I would just sit there and think, what were all the problems that I solved this last week? And I would just write content based off of that. And it's it's the same premise. But yeah, I think like a lot of the people that struggle with content or just hire like a ghostwriter or an agency of some sort and fail, it's strictly because they're just doing like the generic fluff to put generic fluff out there and they're not actually posting content that's like truly valuable, right? Like you could figure out how to run like the craziest cold email playbooks by just like looking at our content, right? And and and I think that's the the part that most people miss out on. And I don't even write my content anymore. Like I have a content writer that I speak with on Mondays and all we do is talk about what we did the last week and then he's just writing out LinkedIn and Twitter posts. So it's not like you know they're not non-original ideas. They're they're my ideas. They're my thoughts and like what we've learned the last like month of running all these companies and you know trying to grow them all the the losses we took and being able to just document that. And I think that's that's the way to kind of stand out as a B2B founder. I think dude you do a phenomenal job on content. Your content is so interesting to see. Same thing with Cody Snder. I think both of you guys like I love the content. Mine's like a little bit too educational. Uh you guys are like in that fine line of entertaining and educational and like I want to figure out how to get that style going. But that's the style that's like really going to crush over the next like year or two. Like you see all these other guys like um what's that other really he just built that uh airplane uh like kind of >> the boom guy. What what airplane are you? What airplane? the the the it's like a it's kind of like I don't even know what it's like that game. He made a game and he posted about it publicly and he has like all like he made those AI companies with the face stuff. >> Oh. Oh. Uh levels. Peter levels. >> Levels. Peter levels. Yeah. Yeah. He's a great example. Dude, I I DM'd I DM'd levels to try to get him to come on the podcast uh the other day and he just muted me. He didn't didn't respond. I just I >> I sent him a super nice message to be like, "Hey man, like I know this is a long shot. I have a podcast that doesn't get any views at all, but like it would be great if you came on. Uh, and I said like kissy face and then I like checked it like two weeks later and I just see like you can no longer send messages to the >> Peter or Peter, you got to come on the pod. Uh, you know, my version of that is I'm too scared to hit up. So Henry Juk, which is the Zoom Info CEO, >> he's like the godfather of B2B sales. Like probably like, you know, a goat in my opinion, right? uh he followed me maybe like three years ago on Twitter and I've been just so nervous to like hit him up or anything of that sort because I'm like dude I don't want to burn this bridge in any case scenario and like he runs a publicly traded company so I'm like dude he does not have the time to speak to me you know uh and so I'm like too scared to hit the guy up but I want him on the pod eventually one of these days cuz yeah he I mean he's probably like he's literally like the originator of B2B data SAS you know and and like that's such a huge market u but you know what's funny though and this this is why I love like this content space. So, I was raising money for uh my cousin who passed away for his kids and I just posted about on Twitter and I was like, "Hey, if anyone donates to this, I'll do a consultation call as well as match your donation." And we raised like about 30k in total, which I thought was really cool. And he was one of the the first people that donated. And I was like, "Oh, this is crazy. This is literally like a publicly traded CEO >> of like one of like the biggest companies like out there >> who just donated just straight off of a tweet. And I I don't know. I just thought that was like that was amazing. Like that that that really was like I don't know. It was just surreal to see that. >> Yeah. I think I think on on X specifically, a lot of people are lurkers. Like you don't really realize that like dude like like you you were talking about my content now, dude. I had no I had no idea you had ever read anything or watched anything that I put out. So, it's just like you don't really realize the reach that you have until you have those those random moments like that. Uh, but I've been trying to figure out how to kind of scale on X recently. I think I'm going to move into LinkedIn shortly. I think I maybe switch my style up for LinkedIn a little bit. I think my my current X strategies is a bit too unhinged for uh for LinkedIn because my I think my I I would describe my my current ex content as like >> I want someone to look at my account and be like there's no way an AI wrote any of this. Like that's that's kind of my my my my goal for now. Um, you mentioned LinkedIn, you mentioned Reddit as well. How are you thinking about those two platforms and and what's working? >> Yeah. So, Reddit is funny enough, I'm getting, if you go look me up on on Reddit, I'm getting obliterated in the comments, right? Uh, like, dude, these guys are coming at my next like, you know, I posted something and like we're basically just like repurposing our content that we posted on like YouTube and LinkedIn and Twitter and stuff like that because we're like, why not, right? Just another channel to, you know, keep growing brand impressions, things of that sort. And like, you know, in my opinion, it's pretty good content. It's pretty educational. And like, we put them in the right subreddits and stuff of that sort. And we posted this one recently where it's like, you know, I've spent $1.7 million over the last four years on Legion cuz that's what we have spent on like Leird and whatnot. Um, to just learn all these things. Here's the 17 17 most important things I've learned. Right. Dude, I got so many accusations of being a fraud and everything of that sort and people were just coming on my neck and and it was funny cuz like that day we like did some updates to our site so our site was down and they're like, "Dude, your site doesn't even work. You're a fraud." And all these things, but yeah, we're we're just testing Reddit out. I I don't really see anything coming out of it. But it's it's kind of funny just seeing all the people get so mad and heated on just like cold email content um that it's kind of fun to to post it there, see what people say. Um, but LinkedIn, LinkedIn has been really good for us. That's been the channel that's actually grown the most. I think I've kind of plateaued on Twitter. Um, and and I think my Twitter content, it's like it needs to be or less unhinged, right? Or more unhinged, sorry. So, it needs to kind of like go out of the way of outside of being educational all the way through. Um, but yeah, LinkedIn like, you know, I'm kind of like that perfect fit for where we're just posting like informational content. I think we went from like 2,000 followers. I think I'm at 16,000 right now and under probably two years on Twitter. I think I haven't grown more than like 3 to 5,000 over the last 2 years. And so yeah, LinkedIn is LinkedIn is great. It's I mean it's doing >> I don't know how many impressions we're doing a month. I I think I want to say over 500,000 maybe a million impressions a month which is like pretty solid on on LinkedIn. Um, and and it actually is getting like really good conversations started with like people that I want to speak with. And so, yeah, I think that's that's the big thing. Uh, and then Twitter. Yeah. I I mean, I still haven't really cracked Twitter. I think I got kind of lucky with just posting early before anyone else started. And so, that's how I was able to build like, you know, the amount of followers we have now. >> You're like, you're like 20. You're pretty big. You're a pretty big group. 5K or something, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. But I don't think the engagement is like I see some of these other guys that have like way less followers, but their engagement is through the roof and like people are like psyched about their content. I need to figure out how to get back there. I think YouTube is really underrated. I think that's where I would love to figure out how to crack like a content style that just does really good. I mean like I mean you see like Ivanghazi in the last like three years like this dude has blown up like none other through his YouTube content and the style that he's like kind of pioneered in a way is being copied by so many people but it's like it's really good. It's entertaining, you know, and I think like kind of like what I was saying earlier like being able to figure out that fine line of entertainment in B2B SAS or in just B2B in general is like that's that's where the gold's going to be in like the next three five years. >> Yeah, I agree. I think I think if someone can crack like viral B2B content, they're going to make a lot of money. I think I've seen a lot of people talking about this. Um I haven't seen anyone I think even really close to doing it just because, you know, B2B is it's boring and you're >> It is boring. It is boring. >> Is niche. >> Uh I think I need to do LinkedIn as well at some point, but I just like I can't bring myself to post on LinkedIn. So I'm have to I think I'm going have to wait um until I can afford to to bring on just like a copyriter. like, "All right, take this unhinged >> crap that I'm cranking out on on action and like just link LinkedInify it for me." So maybe that will be my my strategy there. But >> yeah, no, I it would be pretty interesting because like anytime I post on LinkedIn that like we sent 2 million emails in a month, >> they come at our necks saying like this is spam. I would love to see something like yo, we just sent I mean dude, how many DMs do you think you sent across all your users in the last like month? >> In the last probably we're probably closing closing in like on a million per month. >> Yeah. So, like being able to say like, "We sent a million cold DMs on Twitter in the last month." Here's what I've >> learned. We That's actually That's an underestimate for sure. >> Yeah, I was gonna say it has to be higher than that. >> It's definitely It's definitely quite a bit higher than that. Um I think >> Dude, I get like 15 a day, so I was like I know they were all contributed to you. >> I love it though. I love it. >> Um cool, man. Is there is there anything else that you wanna you want to touch on before we before we wrap things up? >> No, I think we covered a lot. This was a good conversation. And I actually enjoyed it. I love podcasts like this when you're talking to other founders cuz it's just like you get to just riff and it's just like a normal conversation versus like I've done a lot in the past where it's just like robotic and it's like the same question every single time. I love this. This is great. >> Yeah. My my goal I think >> I think I didn't do I'm I'm trying to improve each each episode. Um and my I think my goal after the last two was to be like less interview more more conversation. I feel like >> the beginning started out more interview but I yeah I agree like I love to be able to just just chop it up a little bit. Sweet man. Um, where can where can people uh find you? Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube. Plug it all. Plug your company. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come come check me out on Reddit. Come support the guy. Uh, cuz I'm getting obliterated there. But uh, just Yeah. Type in Nick Abraham. You'll find me on LinkedIn, Twitter, Reddit, YouTube, everywhere. Uh, and hopefully we'll we'll keep growing everything. And hopefully, you know, I I'll figure out how to crack a PG SAS and I'll be able to come back on the spot in like two years and talk about how Flywheel helped me, how we used Post Hog and and went crazy with it. So, yeah, that's that's the next goal. >> Dude, let's let's uh after I hit hit stop, I'm going to try to sell you real quick on on Fly. >> Yeah, dude. Sell me. Sell me. Let's do it. >> All right. All right. Thanks. Thanks for listening, guys. See Have sui.