# gtm-engineering-scale

**Author:** michel-lieben
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9qgcrGPfsc
**Fetched:** 2026-06-15T19:43:37.461Z

---

[Music] [Applause] Hello and welcome back to the Colin Cadmus podcast. Today I'm joined by Michelle Leeben. Michelle received his bachelor's degree in economics in 2016 and then started his career as a marketing specialist and growth marketer for four years before starting his most recent and current venture where he serves today as the founder and CEO of Cold IQ, an agency that helps B2B companies scale their outbound prospecting activities. Michelle is a certified expert with modern growth tools like Clay, Instantly, and Smart Lead, and has built outbound systems for over 100 B2B sales organizations. So, I'm particularly excited to get his thoughts on all that's changing in B2B sales and find out specifically what he thinks is working and what isn't in the world of outbound prospecting. Before we get started, if you're watching on YouTube, please take a moment to subscribe to the channel, like the video, and leave us a comment if you have questions or feedback. If you're joining us from Spotify or Apple Podcasts, please drop us a review and let us know what you think of the episode. This is much appreciated. Without further ado, let's dive in and get his thoughts. Michelle, thanks for joining me and welcome to the show. Thanks, Karine. Nice to meet you. Likewise. I'm excited to chat with you. Um, I mean, there's there's so many debates going on in the space right now and so what I've been doing over the last, I don't know, 20 plus episodes is bringing in different experts and just getting their thoughts on a lot of these topics. And one that I have not spoken with yet is someone who's doing sort of outsource SDR work, right? So, there's a lot of debate going on around AI replacing SDRs. you know, I just uh signed on as an adviser with AISDR and so I'm working with them and I'm trying to learn everything that's going on, right? So, I want to get your thoughts on some of these topics and then I want to obviously dive into everything you're working on. Um because I think when when talking about someone who's successfully doing sort of the outsourced, you know, outbound model, I feel like if you can crack that code, you probably have a better pulse on what's going on than most people because you're working with so many different companies at once, right? So, I'm particularly excited to to chat with you for that reason. But, let's dive in. I want to start at the top here. And I've been sort of changing the way I've been asking this question. I was at first asking people like, "Hey, what's broken with B2B outbound? And how did we get here?" But some people don't necessarily think it's broken. And so, I've I've rephrased the question and we'll just let you run in whatever direction you want to. But the way I phrased it now is, is traditional outbound sales broken, dead, or dying? If yes, how so? So, wherever you'd like to go with that. Yeah, I think it's a great question and I think it's great that you reframe the question because I wouldn't agree on the fact that it's dead. you know I would say it is dying or at least it is changing just because what we see and you know it's a great point that you made about having a lot of data on a lot of clients is that you know like there are some patterns we see where all clients are equally affected of these changes on the market and so we actually have someone from our team that used to be doing odd bonds for just one company and then she said to me one day she said you know actually I didn't know that much about oddbond because it's easy to make it work for one company but having to handle a few clients at the same time, it's another sort of challenge. And so for example, like the biggest shift we are seeing is across the board deliverability is just much more difficult to crack. And so whichever the client is, whether the campaigns are performing extremely well or not performing great, like it's just much more difficult to get in the in the inbox. And so if you think about say specifically email outreach then it's just almost like you need some sort of new skills because it had just happened it just became extremely technical you know like you used to be able to just write a few emails manually you would add some links you wouldn't really care about the formatting of it now what you need to do is actually you need to have like your demark your SPF your DKIM setup you need to make sure that if you're going to be doing some sort of scale that like you're not repeating the exact the same template that you're using some some pin some spin tags and so for this reason I think that the role is evolving because you know what used to be like one thing where you would you would be having a few sers doing like the calling and the emailing and all of that stuff you just like on their own I think it's something that you need to rearrange to be extremely efficient in teams and so what I mean by that is now with technology you have platforms that mimic extremely Well, you know, like the sort of personalization that a human would do. And so, one thing that we like to say to new clients is you tell them, hey, you know, imagine you have unlimited time to write the perfect email. It's like, what would you look for? What's the first thing you look on their LinkedIn profile, on their website, you know, what's the exact situation they need to be in? Did they raise some money? Did they uh are they're hiring someone in some department? Did someone leave? And, you know, like uh did some more importantly the team leave? because it's like now with uh technology you can actually surface all of this data at scale and so this is one piece of the puzzle and the other piece of the puzzle is like you need to be building some systems where you can get in the inbox and so the way I see it is where you could have as to the emailing and the calling and the LinkedIn DMing like I feel like now what you what you want to have is you want to have an email specialist that's going to take care of getting you in the main inbox box plus say finding some ways to kind of scale some sort of microp personalization. So this is one on one hand this is one thing you want and on the other hand you want the less technical people to really lean into the human side of uh human side of selling. So for example know when you think of AI SDRs they are mostly focused on automating the emailing and LinkedIn function. Like I think that even in the US it's you cannot even legally you know like do this AI outbound calls. In Europe it's going to be it's going to be even more restricted anyways. And so I feel like if you're as then you want to lean either into being extremely technical or just focusing and improving your just like cold calling skills because at this time AI cannot do that well. And so I think this is the biggest shift is really the say most savvy organizations are already reshifting teams to fit this new way of of doing it and I feel these are the ones that win at the moment. Wow. So okay, you hit on some really good stuff here. So I I can tell why you've been successful at this so far just based on that right there. You're thinking about the team very differently than than it has been thought about historically. Historically, it was sort of like a uh a production line, right? You bring in a bunch of people, predictable revenue, so to speak. You give them all the same training. They all do the same process and you're really specializing things, right? It sounds like you're you're trying to figure out the data side. You're trying to figure out the personalization side and you're trying to figure out who's good at at which thing, right? And so you're sort of breaking up the team into these specialized functions, which I think makes a lot of sense, right? because at the top of your answer, I think you started by saying it's it's just gotten very complicated, right? Um it's it's there's so much nuance to it, whereas, you know, when it used to be pick up the phone and here's 100 leads and it's just you have to know how to use all these different tools and it's not one skill set, right? I I think that's what you're saying is that it's not just really one person or hiring profile who's going to be great at this. You're probably going to be able to best find people who are great at it by splitting it up. the person who's going to be great maybe at working with Clay, maybe they're terrible at talking to a prospect on the phone, right? And instead of going, I guess, that uphill battle of trying to teach everyone how to do everything, your method here is let's specialize and split it off, which makes a lot of sense cuz that's how the STR role was created in the first place, right? Was that it was a specialization from, you know, from the AE role is they they started to see these complications. So, I like the way you're thinking about that. I want to add in just a little sort of caveat question to that um because I'm curious to get your thoughts here. How how long do you think it takes now to ramp up and train a new SDR when you bring them in like let's say straight out of college, no experience? Has that changed? Is it now taking longer or is it maybe less time because you're specializing the roles? You don't have to teach them as much. How are you think thinking about that? Yeah, that's a great question. For me it's like we've been training mostly GTM engineers. So this new breed of rules where they are the ones who who sit in spreadsheet all day and are not cold coding specifically. And for them like like the the ramp up process is a bit different because it's it's a new role. And so for example like this is something where the SDR has been here for say like years for for decades but here the GTM engineers like how do you train for a role that exists like since just like two to three years and so what we see is that it does take months to have someone even being proficient with the tools but then once they're proficient with the tools you need to to teach them the actual say business know business knowledge. So for us what we see it's going to take like from three to six months to have someone ready to take care of a few clients campaigns. Um when when you are speaking about the SD specifically this is not something I have that much experience in because this is not you know the part of the equation that we are handling ourselves. Got it. Okay. So that makes sense. So for the go to market engineers roughly 3 to 6 months. So it sounds like a big part of your focus is on that side of the business, right? And it and it seems like what you've sort of figured out is if we get that right, we don't we can sort of don't need like the abundance of, you know, maybe super rockstar SDRs or whatever, you still have humans running motions and whatnot, but sort of like if we can get the data piece right, the engineering piece right, the process right, kind of everything just works out a lot easier, right? Which makes sense. I mean, if you have the worst salesperson on the team calling the best leads, they're going to do better than the best salesperson on the team calling the worst leads, right? Cuz if people are not looking to buy something, doesn't really matter what you're, you know, who's on the phone or or who's making the sale. So, so I like that. Um, cool. Well, let's dive into the second piece here, which I want to get and I think we we sort of hinted into it, but I want to get your take on like what's actually working today, right? I think uh and and you can tell me if you disagree, but I think it's safe to say that most people generally agree that like the predictable revenue model is pretty much not reaping the same results as before. You could say it's dead, you could say it's dying, whatever. U but we're living in a new world, right? So, anything you want to elaborate on there? Do you want to double click on sort of any of those topics of what's actually working today? Yeah, I mean this is related to what I was I was saying before. I feel like what you want to do is you want to send either messages where when people receive the messages they feel as though this was written manually and the truth is now with AI you can surface so many data points that it's like even if you knew that I wrote this email with AI it's because I've talked about like say four or five different initiatives that are going on in your business which happen to be the reason why I'm reaching out to you then you think okay this email or this LinkedIn DM is relevant to me and So if we talk specifically about email or LinkedIn DMs, what you want to do usually is that you want to be writing know emails manually as to you trying to craft the perfect emails and then you want to try to figure out how to scale this sort of emails when you see some patterns using tools like clay like instantly and so on and then like when it comes to like the actual cold coding so like cold coding still works right I don't think it's I think actually it actually works even better than it used to. I mean in the sense that more and more people are trying to hide between the technology and the automation and so like the courageous ones that do pick up the phone will get some great results. So we do some cold call but what work even better is to actually combining you know this outbound say emailing in motion with the cold calling and so for example like one of the things we do is we'll be we'll be contacting every person that say reacted to an email to open an email or that even like we're on our website or engage with our LinkedIn post just because like they're already familiar with us and so when we do call them that is for for ourselves we actually get much much better reply rates. And so I'd say like having a mix of using AI to automate, you know, all of these bits, you know, like this research and like this personalization that will be probably 80% as good as the best email writer you can have. And on the other hand, you know, like leaning into these great lists segmentation to then call the people who you identify are great leads is for us the winning formulas. And so this is what we are using doing for ourselves and our clients that get the best results are doing a mix of this. We're going to use technology for the email the LinkedIn and then like take our SDRs who would have been doing those three things like the say LinkedIn email plus calling and we're going to have we're going to have we're going to focus them on the coding bits just because it's a better way to rearrange the teams. Got it. I I like the way you're using so you're sort of using the model as like hey let's do it manual and figure out what works and then sort of how do we replicate that? Are there any little tricks like I hear people make jokes about like we want to intentionally put a typo, you know, in the in the template or something to make it look human? Is there anything that silly that actually you recommend doing? I wouldn't like I think it's a gimmick, right? It's just the this whole, oh, what school have you been? Just like if I like the whole send for my iPhone. I don't think Yeah. Yeah. I don't think anyone anymore like back in Yeah. Back in the days, people used to to believe in this in these small tricks, but now it's like I think they they've seen it all just because this there are much more like emails being sent just because I guess like this is the downside of AI being able to replicate some of the things human do is now I think like the scale and the volume being being sent is much much bigger which means like in my from my perspective every potential buyer is much more educated around What are people trying to do when they send me an email? Which means that like the first thing they will be asking themselves is, is this relevant to me or is this not? And the fancy personalization added to some completely irrelevant email doesn't change anything. I think you hit the nail on the head with the word irrelevant because as you're answering that question, I'm thinking to myself like if the email is relevant, you're hitting me at the right time. It's something I might be interested in or a problem I'm experiencing. I don't really care if it came from an AI. That's sort of my mindset on it. In fact, like it's like when you log into Instagram today and let's say you were just having a text conversation on your iPhone with someone about some bizarre topic that you don't usually talk about and then you go into Instagram and all of a sudden it's in your feed, right? And you're like clearly like Apple has an arrangement with all these social media companies and they know what topics you're talking about and stuff, right? And on one hand you get a little bit upset. You're like, "Oh, they're violating my privacy, this and But on the other hand, you're like, "Is this really bad?" Like, it's it's showing me something that I was just talking about and I'm actually curious to watch this video now because I was just talking about this, right? And so, it's like I think we're just in this realm of like of discomfort, right? Because it's new and and we sort of don't really know how to handle it. But I do think that as we get better at all of this stuff, like I don't know that humans are going to care so much if it's an AI or a human. And like I I sort of am on the contrarian side there with like, you know, and it's not to put down human salespeople at all, but it's like people just want things that make sense, right? And like if you're getting them, you know, a message that makes sense versus one that doesn't, it just really doesn't matter where it's coming from. That's sort of my take on that. And so I I think what you're doing all of it sort of adds up to to well for lack of a better term making more sense in that regard because you're focusing so much on the engineer the go to market engineering side getting the right data that by time the message lands in someone's inbox the things that shouldn't matter is like was it an AI or a human or was it you know who sent the message or like it really doesn't matter because you're just upping the quality so much and I think that that that jives really well with the direction that the whole industry you know needs to be to be moving in. So completely agree. Yeah. Which is the reason why when you're using technology, you want to be using technology, you know, to be almost guessing intent or trying to surface as many data points that let you know about the current initiatives or priorities of a company as opposed to using it to trick people. So this is the difference between using AI to sort of seeing what's going on within a company versus using AI to fake the fact that I know you and just like give you a bunch of irrelevant information where now you think oh it seems like they know me and then like now the pitch is completely irrelevant. And I feel like this is where some people actually misuse AI is they put too much focus on the personalization aspect of it. while you should be trying to segment as much as possible using the AI because I think like the truth is is this is if you actually if you are actually segmenting your list manually then you would obviously have a few criterias for why someone should be on your list or someone should not be on your list. And I'm like, this is the biggest thing that AI lets you do is like this huge list of contacts you have and those criteria you have for should people be on this list or not can actually be done pretty fast by leveraging AI on these like um huge contact lists. Love it. So my next question was going to be what are the most important tools for outbound sales prospecting? But maybe we want to focus specifically on the go to market engineer here. Um and since I think this is probably what people are most curious about. I mean, if you want to drop in what you're using for, you know, sending emails and whatnot, I think that's fine. But probably all those tools do most of the same things. Um, but maybe before we jump into that, do you want to give a bit of a description of what the go to market engineer role is? Sort of what you're looking for and what tasks you, you know, sort of train them to do just so we're clear on that for anyone who might be confused. Yeah. So essentially when when I talk about GTM engineers, I'm talking about people who will be running campaigns for say five, six, seven clients at a time. And typically what they'll do is they'll be actually taking care of the whole say prospecting campaigns but mostly email and LinkedIn prospecting campaigns. And where it differs is that they will be very knowledgeable about gathering some data points and then ensuring that the messages that we write actually land on the main on the main inbox. So typically like the work of a GTM engineer is being able to surface some very niche data leveraging this data within uh within like a very relevant message and then like send this message to as many people who will get this message. So it's not too different from a typical SER because like the only difference is that an Azure wouldn't be doing that in such a you know tech heavy way while for a GTM engineers we are trying to do this at some sort of scale which means that we'll be using some tools that help us do know all of these steps. Got it. So let's dive into that. I mean, I imagine Clay is one of those tools, but can you can you talk to me about like let's just pretend I know nothing about this whole go to market engineering world. What are the top tools? What do they need to know how to use and and give me just a high level of what they do? Make it kind of elementary so we can start there. Yeah, exactly. So like the way like in my opinion like the way I see a successful campaign is a mix of I have great data as in the person I'm going to be reaching out to is very relevant. I have great deliverability as in the message I send whether I send it on LinkedIn or via email will land. And the next thing is like is the me messaging bit. So it's like when you do read the message it's actually reads pretty pretty easily. And then you've got the automation side of things where it's like you know whatever action you do you're going to be able to scale it at some sort of scale. So like for the first bit which is the data part which is in my opinion the most important part because it's like I can send a bad message to the wrong person. I can send a bad message to the to the right person even though the message is bad they would still be likely to hear my pitch. And so this is where we need the most sophisticated tools. And so you discussed clay and the reason we use clay is because it plugs into 100 plus data sources. And so within their spreadsheet that allow you to create some very sophisticated campaigns. And the best way I I like to think about this is just whatever way you'd be thinking about you know creating some extremely niche lists then the kind of work that you do manually where you really like you know add a lot of conditions a lot of criterias and like try to find the data from six seven data sources and like combine of this data is actually something you can do within clay and it can be done pretty fast. So you like most of the times if you just give me one example of a list you'd want to build, I'll probably tell you that it's doable in clay and I can and I could probably do it within 30 minutes or 1 hour if it's not too complicated. And so Clay is, you know, this platform that lets us do like this specific data enrichment. But even before Clay, what we'll do is we'll use some B2B databases just because clay doesn't always have like the most exhaustive initial data. So for example, like these instances, you could use tools like Apollo, we use LinkedIn sales navigator because I do think that it's still all the most updated B2B data professional database essentially because like the reason why Apollo got banned from LinkedIn is because they actually scraped the the the LinkedIn data and so you'd use LinkedIn for the initial data. You use clay to get some very precise list out of this initial B2B databases. And then once you have that and you have this list of prospects that you want to contact, then the next thing you want to be is you want to be reaching them at some sort of scale. And so to be able to reach them as some some sort of skill you need some platform that automates the messages whether you automate the messages via email or via LinkedIn and you want a platform that takes care of you know deliverability aspect of thing and so you have platforms like instantly and list um instantly for example they focus all their attention on the deliverability aspect of thing. So like they try to they allow you to do some secondary domains and inboxes which means that you don't need to be using your main domain to send too many emails which protects your your your main domain. They have some warmer pools you know they have dedicated IP addresses they use spin tax or spin tax just make some variations out of a same message. So instantly does that. Lemies does that as well. I see the main difference between both these tools is that instantly focuses exclusively on sending emails at scale and delivering your emails in the main inbox while lame list is more multi- multi- channelannel and so they would do both LinkedIn and email and so I think that if you have just like these tools you already have a very good basis to replicate what most GTM engineers do and it's actually I think the stack that most agencies will be using not as Yeah. So, I hear Clay brought up all all the time. Now, the one thing I'm a little bit uh I guess unclear on is I hear some people say they love it. It's easy to learn, but I hear other people say it's very complex. Would you say that like how how long does it take for the average salesperson to learn that or or should it be just specifically for a goto market engineer sort of technical type or do you think it's you know anyone can be using it? Yeah, actually I have a great perspective on this. I noticed the main difference between people who do learn it fast and people who don't learn it fast and actually boils down to their existing technical skills. So something I see is if people have done some programming back in the days for example they will pick it up extremely easily. So like any any any person that has studied you know some technical topic at university or that did some programming will get the logic of clay because it know it works a bit like coding works. And this is something that's funny because one thing I see is a lot of GTM engineers are more like actually surfing the wave of vibe coding AI coding because you know it's just the natural evolution is if you think of clay as a spreadsheet is like the logic of building a campaign is really a if else sort of logic like you would have in in coding and so it's really saying okay I've got this list of people if uh If there was a new job opening for example then uh like enrich the data if not don't enrich the data and so it's like okay now like it's segmented and it's like okay now I'm going to add some new condition and so it it has like this programming kind of vibes I think that it is sort of complicated as in it's not the easiest tool to run actually I think it's out of our stack the most complex tool to learn but the issue is that the complexity of the tool is the reason why it's so powerful because what's powerful about clay is not the fact that you can just reach out to anyone is the fact that any ID you have in terms of I want to be reaching out to these people and personalizing on these criterias and messaging them at this sort of scale is actually doable. But for this to be doable and for it to be doable in a powerful way for a lot of different people, it needs to have this, you know, flexibility that makes it complex. And so I'll say if you're struggling to learn clay, I understand you. So it's a bit of a catch 22. It's it's basically it is complex, but that's what makes it great, right? So it's sort of like if you have a tool that's quick and easy to to use, you tend to learn it fast, but then you tend to like within a week you're like, I wish I could do this. I wish it could do that. So it sounds like it's it's on that end of of things. So anyway, that makes sense. And I think that that uh I think that sort of drives with what the world needs right now, right? If we need more complex data, we need things to be more accurate, like the tools are probably going to be a little bit more complex to figure out how to use. But to your point, if you're using go to market engineers rather than maybe you don't, you know, if you have a team of 50 SDRs, maybe you don't need to teach them all how to use it. Maybe you can have a few people that are doing it for the whole team or or whatnot. But let's get your thought on AI, sort of the AI SDR, you know, world. What do you think's going on there? Do you think that we're going to see sort of a full replacement of of human SDRs? Do you think that this is more of a tool that that helps to supplement? Uh what do you think's going to take place there? Yes, actually I have a controversial take on this one just because most people I talk with disagree with me, but I think that the AIDS are very close to being better than SDRs at specifically email and prospecting. And so this is what I want to touch on because I don't think that there are any danger for the people who are great at at cold calling. But like you know when I think of like when you think of an agency and a SDR the business models are actually pretty similar because it's like on both hands what we try to do is we try to maximize the number of clients for whom we we we have some great campaigns that perform and it's like for for both an agency and an AI SDR we try to have it as much done for you as possible which means like when I think when I think of you know my agency I'm just thinking say like all of the moving pieces all of the components you know of service delivery typically those components are actually humans and like what kind of agent could I create that would replace that would replace all of the of the things they do and so from my perspective if you focus on some very specific uh niche or use cases personas then you can make the AIDS work but like the the problem is that there are just so many different sort of campaigns and like personalized and like way to address people that at this time I don't think any AID would be able to just like have some sort of one sizefits all solution and so what I see like the smart test AI as do is they focus on a specific vertical because they need they they use the industry knowledge they have to kind of frame the outbound or the outrage differently which makes it work for some verticals. And so I feel like what we'll be seeing now is we'll be seeing AI some vertical AI SDRs starting to outperform you know individual SDRs or agencies but we are not yet ready to see like the AIDS that outperforms for all industries. That said, I guess it's just like a numbers game. You know, at some point you outperform in so many industries that that you come to the point where you're actually able to to be as good as, you know, any great engineer that got some great insights from the company that uh that they are servicing. I think that might be the most astute answer I've heard to that question and I agree 100% and you've explained it better than than I have. But that's basically how I've been seeing it, which is it's not something that's going to just work for everyone magically overnight. Just like anything, it has to be developed. And it's the same that like if you were even when the SDR predictable revenue, you know, became popular. It didn't just like take over all of outbound sales like overnight, right? It sort of was like similar companies to Salesforce started using it and then it starts to sort of branch out and it starts to starts to spread. But like that is the way AI works is like it has to learn something and it has to learn it really well. And when you're the first like you're the first cohort of doing that, you're starting from scratch, right? And everyone knows how hard it is to hire and train a team of SDRs that are human. So to to train a machine to do that is also going to be very hard, but there's going to be a lot of upside because the machine will not make the same mistake twice. The machine will not be late to work. The machine will not give you an attitude. The machine will not beg for a promotion or quit. Like there's all of these things that are over time going to be the differentiators, right? Because to your point, it's just a matter of time, right? before you sort of iterate and repeat those tasks because what I keep going back to and and I'm glad you made the point on the cold calling which is like luckily the laws are in place right that like we don't want robots making phone calls to us so if like we don't really have to worry about that the human salesperson at least for the foreseeable future has a good foundation right and what I would argue is that most sales people even SDRs included if if you were to ask them like do you really enjoy researching all of your prospects and typing up all these emails and do like there's no way that that's the most enjoyable part of the job. And so it actually makes me a little bit confused when I see people even getting defensive and pushing against it cuz it's like do you love doing that all day? Would you not love to have a tool that could do that for you so that you could just pick up the phone and call the ones who responded and like talk to people who are qualified? Like that sounds like a way better life in sales, you know? And maybe that means that you're going to be on a sales team of five people or 10 people instead of 50 or a hundred, but so what, right? Like it's it's that's so much better. And it's the same type of stuff we've seen in every other industry, right? We saw it. I mean, Henry Ford did it when he, you know, built the the assembly line for for building cars and interchangeable parts and all this type of stuff. And so, uh, anyway, I'm going off off the rails a little bit on that one, but I I think you nailed it. And that aligns very well with what, you know, I'm speaking with Yuri, who I'm advising now at AISDR. It aligns very well with the way that they're looking at this. You know, they sort of cast a wide net in the beginning. They said like, let's bring in a bunch of leads. Let's sign people up. Let's see what happens. And then let's learn and let's figure out who this works best for and let's iterate from there. But I think your your prediction is probably very on on par because what's going to happen now, it's probably starting to happen right after, you know, the 11x uh you know, all this sort of chaos going on is what they're going to realize now is, hey, even though we have so much demand for this and we can sign up tons of people and we can make a ton of revenue overnight because they're just going to want to try it, it's going to kill our reputation if we can't actually deliver. So, I think what you just predicted is going to come true over probably the next 6 to 12 months is they're going to say, "We're going to just focus on this vertical. We're going to focus on this ICP specifically because that's where it works really well." And then over time, that net will will cast wider. So, you nailed it, man. That that was right on the money. And the one thing I'll add is just this idea of companies will be using AI SDS and then they'll say, "Oh, it doesn't work." And it's like once it doesn't work then you just blame it on the AIS and it's like okay there's there's a few reasons why a campaign wouldn't work. Like there's also the possibility of you know your product not being a product that people want to buy or at least not a product that people want to buy cold. Yeah. You know it's like this idea of let's say you were spending money on Facebook ads and then you'd say oh Facebook ads don't work. I spend 10k but then like I didn't I didn't get any any clients from this. like you don't blame Facebook ads when it doesn't work but you do blame the AI SDR because for some reason when the targeting is not right or like something is not right it's like this is the AI's fault but like if it's the Facebook platform is how we've we've seen enough cases of this actually working for us to say okay like this this actually works and so I think like this is also like the the thing and actually we see it you know for example we actually actually have great data on this um so for example one thing we started doing with our agency is we started tearing ing clients, you know, just like for say the quality of the company. So we had the tier one clients, the tier two clients and the tier three clients. And whenever whenever we have turn, we'd be looking at who who is turning. And so funny enough is the clients we consider the worst who are the ones who are the most unhappy and the ones we who consider the best are the ones who are extremely extreme extremely happy. And so from the tier three clients who will be say pre pre-market feeds pre money like that have like you know uh very little revenue it's like they're just putting it on us. It's called like useful and I guess for them it's better to put it on us because then like this doesn't mean that they need to look at themselves and think do we actually have a product that's you know people want to get while for for a company that's proven already then it's much more easy if the campaigns fail to say yeah it's it's called like useful fault but when the product is actually proven then we actually have a very small failure rate again this this aligns perfectly with what you know Yuri said is one of first learnings was like look don't don't try to use AI to figure out outbound right like if you if you have not proven that outbound works for you you haven't found a process a motion a script a template whatever you haven't found something that's proven to be repeatable bringing AI in to do it is idiotic and we know this because this is how they design AI it's always start with a human who figures something out and then the AI monitors what they do and it learns from it and then it starts to replicate You know, I I worked for a company called Zeni who was doing AI bookkeeping for, you know, finances and it was the same thing. They had a whole team of humans in India doing it manually and the idea was that they're monitoring everything that's happening and building automations to slowly replicate piece and piece and piece of the process and eventually you phase the human out. It's very much the same thing with SDR. I mean, first of all, outbound doesn't work for everyone whether you're using humans or or not. It's very very hard. It is the most difficult thing. So to think like, oh, I just took my product that like I'm a bootstrap startup or or even a whatever a series A, whatever. You're not a unicorn yet. There's not a tremendous amount of demand or anything for your products. It's all unproven. All of it's unproven. And then you're like, well, we're going to just try to go plugandplay, you know, some outbound and oh, it didn't work. So we better just blame them and say that their product is trash, right? Even though they've raised millions of dollars, they have happy customers. clearly working for some people. Like, it's just a it's a very half-ass way of thinking about it. I think it's lazy. Uh I think people are going to be unpleasantly surprised when they realize how wrong they were on all of that. And I think it comes from a place of emotion and defensiveness. People just they have this like, "No, humans are not going to take our job." And like or or sorry, AI is not going to take our job. Like we need humans, humans, humans. And it's just like, do you want to just get rid of all technology? Like is that your mindset? because that's kind of what you're saying, right? So, so I'm with you. This is music to my ears. Let's dive into Cold IQ. Give me a sense of what kind of companies are you working with? You know, we just talked a bit about the ICP. Who's best for for Cold IQ? Yeah, typically software companies, you know, making at least 5 million per year in revenue to have like companies going like doing all the way from 1 million to 200 million per year in revenue. But essentially if you're a software company a B2B software company and you have a high average customer value like there is a very high likelihood that we'll be providing some great results for you just because of the nature of outbound and like the way we run this outbound campaigns where for us what's most important is really trying to find this segment of the market that's most likely to want to buy from you right now. And it's like if you're able to be profitable by having a few people who buy from you, then it's going to be pretty easy to make it profitable for you. So an example is, you know, we have one company uh that's that that sells Amazon like it's an Amazon software like that that help you recollect payments like when there are some merchandises that gets lost. Anyways, they they help you with all of that and they have a pretty high ACV and so for them it's like within two weeks they had two people who became customers and so two people who became customers meant uh on average 100k ACV which meant like two times 100 which meant 200k closed within two weeks which means that they now can run our services for the next three four years and even if they don't get anything from this they'd still be profitable from the service. And so, and so I'm saying this because I want to contrast this with, you know, some cases where when we are trying to deliver results for like some SAS that have very low ACV, then it it means we need a very high volume of conversions to make it work. And we have had some SAS companies as clients who had say 40, 50, 60 meetings like all the way up to 100 meetings being booked per month. And despite this, they didn't they were not profitable because they were selling a 19 per month subscription individually. And and so that meant that for us, we would have had to book them 500 meetings per month. But it's like if you can do this for any sort of company and you'd be a billionaire, right? Yeah. It was very much the same struggle I had building out outbound at Air Call was that our ACV was relatively low. It wasn't very low, but it it wasn't in the enterprise realm, right? like a a 30k ACV would be on the high end for us and we were building an SDR team in New York which is expensive and we also had one in Paris which we thought was expensive but actually turned out to be less expensive than New York and so you know it was expensive all around and and yeah that was the challenge is like you're looking at that LTV over CAC and you're just like wow if we could get the average deal size up all of this starts to make a lot of sense cuz we we it was working we were cold calling we were sending emails we were bringing in a constant flow of leads and converting them. But it was always sort of that like one one or maybe 2:1 LTV over CAC and we were just like we want to get to that 3:1 at least because when we looked at our other channels we were six to one right and so it was like we have this channel where we're buying we're investing in all of these humans all this headcount all of this leadership but it's like the worst in terms of the the payback right that we're that we're getting and it's because it's just expensive and that's why like I I think I don't know maybe not everyone has that perspective and it's easy if you're on the SDR team to get defensive about a lot of this stuff. But like coming from the leadership side where I know that like hey even when you do everything right and you hire everyone and you train them right all this sort of stuff the economics just don't always make sense. And that's why that alone creates a reason and demand for sort of AI and and this type of stuff. But I really do encourage people who are listening to to to just try to remove the defensiveness and think about like, hey, did cars replace people? Because people used to have to walk places, but now they could just drive there. So cars replaced walking? Like are we mad about that? I don't think so. Right? No one wants to walk far, right? And now you can go farther. So like I think we need to really be cautious and and realize that the tools we invent ultimately will be used in that way to make our lives easier. But um let me ask you this question and and this is probably uh I would imagine people reach out to you with this question but if I'm a founder early stage maybe I've got a little bit of uh a little bit of traction I've been doing some founder sales maybe I hired one salesperson or whatever but I'm at the phase of deciding do I want to build an in-house outbound team or do I want to just outsource this? How do you help them make that decision? What's the what's the right way to decide there? Yeah, the one thing I always tell them is if they haven't if they haven't gotten a proven outbound process is there is a likelihood that it will take time for the campaign to be profitable because it's like if you already know who to contact and those people are already responding then we can just add gas to to this just this matter of like you were contacting 50 people manually of this specific ICP and you were saying that and you telling them x thing and now it's like I do the same thing, you know, almost as well, but be reaching out to way way more people and probably I can improve some of your other metrics such as your deliverability. I can slightly improve your messaging and so on, which means there is a high likelihood in these instances that you're profitable from the get- go. But if you don't have this, then you should know that we'll be trying to find and to help you, you know, look for your your best prospect, your best outbound prospect. And this might take times which means that we might go and say a few months before you even get profitable or sorry before you even see results because you don't know and I don't know who we should target and so we have our ways to probably test that faster than you would and so if you're comfortable you know just testing and you see some value in because we are here to help you will help you test much faster than you would on your own then I'd say invest then in some motion. Now, if you are tight on cash and you don't have a proven outbound playbook, then I'd say it would be best that you try to uncover this on your own, especially if you have some technical skills because I feel like the truth is the best suited person to make outbound work is the person that has both the product/industry knowledge and that has the technical knowledge to just you know make these ideas come to light. And so typically what we do is we bridge this gap right is we have our teams of GTM engineers who are extremely technical and who have some business savviness so they can really get the information from you and from this understand what's the best campaign to to create what's the best list to build but there's always this expertise element that comes from the clients. If you have both the expertise and the technical abilities, then you'd want to you you probably would be better off doing it on your own because now you don't have to say lose out some information in this sort of feedback feedback loop where it's like you talk with the GTM engineers, they talk back and then like some information gets lost, right? And so for me it's it's really this if you have the budget and you have a proven outbound motion, you're not technical, it's like just leave that to us, we'll probably explode your results. Now, if you don't know who to contact and you you cannot afford to invest some money to try to figure it out, then just use your time and figure it out on your on your own. This makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I I think uh so so ideally you want people coming to you who've kind of already figured this out and they're looking to scale it, which is makes a ton of sense. Now, are you comfortable giving me a sense of sort of what this costs? Like what kind of an investment like let's say I haven't done any outbound. I don't want to do it. I'm not an expert. I want you to figure it out for me. What kind of an investment am I looking at? Like I imagine you probably need 90 days to just play around, right? And and test things. Can you give me a ballpark of of roughly what that looks like? Yeah. So like typically like we charge some retainers and based on you know the scope of the work it will go all the way from 4K to 10K to 10K per month. Like that's just like the average. So if you're just studying you could be looking at looking at the lower end of this and then typically we'll want you to stay for at least three months because the thing is in the beginning there are a lot of things that need to be done you know we need to set up the secondary inboxes like most of the research uh are happen at the beginning and like this is going to be extremely extremely extensive. we need to set up the campaign, set up the tools and so on. And so we ask for a minimum three months commitments. And so, you know, based on what you were saying, like you would be looking at at least some initial 13,000 um in investment to kind of to kind of to kind of make it work. And yeah, once again, it's um you know, just to jump back on on your point, it's like if you see some value in testing faster, then it's all right if you don't have it figured out. But if you want to have some return on investment from the get- go without even having figured it out on your own, then it's probably best that you just find some other vendor because you you'll be disappointed. And you know, I don't want you to be disappointed in us. Yeah. My my general advice for founders is like you need to figure things out yourself before you hire people to do them. And I don't just mean outsourcing. I mean even before you bring employees on board, right? Uh the faster a founder wants to hand this responsibility off to someone, usually the messier it gets. Um there's exceptions to that, right? Like there might be founders who have worked really closely with a sales leader at another company and they just know they can bring that person in and they can figure it out. Like there's there's scenarios like that. But generally speaking, like you want to be the first person to sell it. You want to be the first person to figure out outbound. Cuz then what happens is if I hire you or I bring in my own team and they start giving me excuses, I don't I'm not like lost. Like I know to tell them like no, that's wrong or that's right. Like otherwise they can just sell you a bunch of excuses and you sort of end up having no clue what's going on. So yeah, I'm totally with you. Completely agree with you. I find it easier to outsource things you know how to do than things you don't know how to do because you on one hand you know how what to expect because you don't need to sell. So, if you are giving me some excuses, some weak excuses, I'm like, hey, I've done this before. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Same thing even with this podcast. You know, when I set this up, uh I was going to hire someone to edit it and do all this stuff. I was like, you know what? Let me just like figure out how to do it myself. It's not going to be great and whatever, but at least then like I can realize if I'm going to bring someone on to do this, like am I getting ripped off? Do they know what they're talking about? And I'll tell you, everyone who pitches me this stuff, they're totally ripping people off. like that they make it sound like it's so such an immense amount of work and like the reality is that it's generally not. Uh and so it's just another example of like you kind of need to know what you're getting into there. But um any any last advice there? Like if if someone's just to say like what would your top advice be for you know building an outbound motion today? What comes to mind? Yeah, I guess my top advice would be start manually, you know, and you know, I'm talking about all of these tools, but it's like you start manually. You just go send like those 50, 100, 150 messages by just like typing them out and then at some point you just try to uncover some patterns, you know? It's like when you do this exercise of writing manually and to actually be looking at prospect one by one, you actually get a sense of who's most likely to be to be a good prospect for you. And so I think it's tempting to just go buy the tools, g get click, get LinkedIn, then like have a massive list, send a message to everyone and then see if someone replies. But you should do the opposite. It's more a question of you look at why would someone be interested in your product on the first place. You know what's what about the person means that you know they are a good fit for this product and even like you know what what you think of telling them when you look at this person you know say uh just like one oneonone you know like what do they have in their experience that probably means that they would be interested in hearing what I have to to to to say and I feel like once you do this and you do it enough then you do uncover some patterns and this is where the gold is in terms of you know campaigns means that you can scale. Now, lots of people talk about intent buying seniors and typically, you know, you have some very interesting ones, but like the best intent senior will be very tailored to your situation. And so, typically, you don't want to be looking for stuff that are not that obvious. And the way you find this this stuff is by doing the tedious work of looking at each person you want to contact one by one and then like look at what smart thing can I tell them and at some point you can scale some smartness in the in the beginning just do things that don't scale. I love it. This was we are so aligned on everything. I you know I think I saw it was a video of you speaking on on LinkedIn somewhere. That's where I came across you. You were talking about AI. I'm like, I have to speak to him. We're we're we're totally on the same page. The conversation was was even better than I anticipated. So, I really thank you for for joining me. Any last things you want to throw in there? I know you're I've got in the show notes, we'll have your uh your Twitter and coldiq.com is where people can check you out if they're interested in working with you. Uh anything else you want to throw in there? Yeah, I do most of my content posting on LinkedIn. So, if they want to if they want to connect on LinkedIn, that's probably the best platform for it. And I'm actually starting a YouTube channel where I'm trying to go very much more in depth uh you know because I find that sometimes LinkedIn doesn't give you enough space to actually articulate all your thoughts which is one of the reason why I love this sort of podcast where we can give more context to all of our opinions otherwise we just get you know insulted in the comments when once we have some opinions that the general public don't like and then uh and if anyone needs help you know building their outbound motion and they are you know willing to either take the time to see if you know their unprovenable motion can work or if they have a proven motion that they need some help scaling then collect you can help them and so they can find us at collect.com and uh we'll have someone who will help them without hard pitching them. Awesome. I love it. And you're working with global companies anywhere uh any language constraints or just English? We I mean we have some some people that can do campaigns in German, in Spanish, in French, but most of our clients are in the US. I'd say 95% of our clients are in the US. And so so this would be our preferred market, but you know, if you want campaigns done in one of the languages, I said, we can help as well. Awesome. Well, thanks so much for joining me. We'll have to catch up uh again in the future and see if any of our predictions were right, but uh I think we're I think we're on the money with some of this stuff. you you hit a home run on on all these topics. So, let's stay tuned and we'll see what happens. Yeah, let's see in 5 years. Great. Thanks for joining me. Bye-bye. [Music] [Applause] [Music]